Cover



Evil in the City
Evil
in the City
Author Reece Pocock


Evil in the City


Text Copyright
© 2016 Reece Pocock
All Rights
Reserved


Evil in the City




The Girl in the
Red Beret
Winner of the Burnside Library short story contest.
My
office in the Deputy Public Prosecutor’s Department has a large
window through which I like to stare. I imagine it’s my flat window
where the girl in the red beret walks past every morning. But,
today was different; I had a premonition of danger.
My
secretary entered. ‘Mister Whybrow, your father’s on line two.
Detective Sergeant Raven is waiting to see you.’
The last
person I wanted to talk to was Quinten Whybrow QC. I'd avoided him
ever since he’d refused to employ me at Whybrow, Hart, and Hunt. My
father told me, nine years ago that I didn’t cut the mustard, I was
too timid and I wasn’t forceful enough.
‘Put my father through and send Raven in after the call,’ I
said, ‘Father!’
‘James, your mother wants you to come to dinner Saturday
night; we've invited a few colleagues and their ladies.’
His
defence lawyer cronies would make it a dreary evening for the only
prosecutor in the room, me! Furthermore, he did say my mother
wanted me to come, it followed my father didn’t.
‘No thanks, Father, things to do.’
‘Like what, sitting in your bloody flat
daydreaming.’
‘I’m busy, Father, work related.’
‘On another matter, my partners suggested it might be time for
you to join the family firm.’
I never
wanted to work for Quinten Whybrow. He made it clear his partners,
and not he wanted me.
‘Heard you’ve been aggressive in court. Are your troubles
back?’ he continued. My troubles, I felt like yelling, I wouldn’t
have had any troubles if you hadn’t ridiculed my
achievements.
Bitter
experience told me not to put myself through an argument with
Quinten Whybrow QC. ‘No, Father, I’m happy here, I’ll talk to you
later. Someone’s here to see me,’ I said to escape.
The door
opened and Detective Sergeant Harry Raven entered. The murder of
four attractive women would be what he wanted to discuss with me.
He'd arrested a man but the charges wouldn’t stick.
‘Let him go, Harry,’ I said. ‘His alibi stands up.’
‘Yeah,’ said Harry, ‘Pity. The superintendent's involved and
wants to know when we’ll arrest the killer.’
‘Where to, now?’ I inquired.
‘The murderer takes souvenirs from all the girls,’ said Raven
as he carefully arranged his bottom into my guest chair.
‘What things?’
‘Oh, brooches, rings, clothing. Anything that takes his
fancy.’
‘He’s a collector—that's all you have?’
This was
a new development and I wondered if it could be a
breakthrough.
‘'Afraid so. We need a break before he kills
again.’
Harry
left. The premonition of murder close to me would not go away. I
shuddered.

Some
innate compulsion forced me to stand at my flat window every
morning to watch as a girl walked down the street. Nothing made me
miss the moment, not even the phone going crazy. I was often late
for work. I couldn’t have cared less. I had to watch as she walked
down a decline to disappear around the corner.
A few
times, I watched at the end of her day's work. She trudged uphill,
whereas in the morning, she floated down the footpath to meet the
day. It’s a sight I thought about at work as well as alone in my
flat.
I didn’t
even know the girl's name or where she worked. She answered all
those age-old questions of what makes a woman beautiful. Ah! Now
she's a woman. You see, I’m in a quandary of whether she’s a girl
or a woman; maybe on the cusp is more accurate. It’s an indefinable
point when girls become women. Not biologically or any mundane
definition. This girl had zest and attitude as she confronted life
head on.
For women
to be gorgeous, they have to radiate inner confidence. Cosmetics or
hairdos don’t define it. It’s the whole package. Skinny super
models with flawless skin and made up eyes were not necessarily
attractive. They don’t radiate inner beauty. My girl had those
qualities. Referring to her as the girl on the street has
unfortunate connotations. She has to have a name.
Last
week, a perky red beret clung to the side of her head in a French
style. Consequently, I named her Giselle. However, I later found
out it’s a German name meaning pledge or hostage. Too late—my girl
would always be Giselle to me.
I watched
the street through binoculars. Her beauty could stand close
scrutiny: long dark hair but not charcoal, but lighter with touches
of brown; the only makeup red lipstick and light
mascara.
She
looked towards me; I put the binoculars away ashamed of
myself.
I’d think
about Giselle at inappropriate times. In court—I’d question a
witness and completely forget what to ask. My mind watched my girl
walk down the street. I'd think about how to approach and ask her
to go out with me.
A few
days ago, I positioned myself on the footpath. When Giselle
approached she ignored my smile. I kept walking. What I thought
about saying sounded ridiculous? Back to watching her; how
pathetic, like a lovesick boy without the courage to talk to a
girl. Every fibre in my body wanted to be with Giselle. At the same
time, afraid I would disappoint her. Still, I always had my window,
my dreams, and above all, my imagination.
I’m not
some sick pervert with inappropriate thoughts. I want to make love
to Giselle but only with her enthusiastic agreement. The
relationship still had a long way to go. Okay, there hasn’t been a
courtship because I didn't have enough courage to ask her out.
Nevertheless, in my imagination, we’re a couple.
I
imagined we went on a date. In my BMW I drove up to her front door
on a sunny day. Giselle, wearing her red beret, almost skipped out
carrying a picnic basket. She pecked my cheek and placed the basket
in the back seat. We waved to her Mother and Father, who stood near
their front door. Giselle kissed me on the cheek again.
‘Where are we going?’ she whispered in my ear.
‘Botanical Gardens.’
‘Didn’t know you were interested in plants.’
‘It’s a nice park.’
The
garden’s huge trees laid a welcome shadow across green clipped
green grass. They kept the sun off Giselle’s picnic lunch, spread
out on a striped blanket. She offered me a plate of selected cold
meats, salad, coleslaw, and dressing. It looked delicious. She
poured me a glass of wine.
‘This is amazing.’ I said. ‘You’re a clever girl.’
Giselle
beamed at me, I wanted to kiss her. She held the plate in front of
her, my kiss landed on her cheek. My hand caressed the bare leg
above her knee. I felt a shiver of desire and I thought about
forcing her to have sex with me. Then I felt ashamed.
Giselle
pushed my hand away, ‘Now, now, James, don’t be naughty,’ she
said.
My
fantasy always ended there, bringing me back to reality. Even in my
thoughts, I am pathetic.
Giselle
had vitality and ran through life while I spent my days in dingy
offices and courtrooms mixing with criminals, dull lawyers, and
judges with little of interest to say. It’s not surprising I
watched her in the mornings and thought about her during the
day.
I cursed myself, so shy and inadequate for not rushing onto
the street to meet the girl of my dreams. But, I didn’t know what
to talk about. I even looked up pick-up lines on the
Internet. Is that the sun coming up—or is
it you lighting up my life? Another
one: my love for you is like the
Universe—never ending. Ugh! They’re false
and would never work. Maybe they did, but I could never use them.
Instead, I stared at Giselle, dreamt about her, and cursed myself
at the same time.
I’ve
thought I’d sit beside her on the bus. We could talk and walk down
the hill together. I would have stuffed it up. So, back to the
window, let my imagination take over. I was too afraid and scared
to approach for fear of losing her.


Jack
Jones stood in the doorway to the same block of flats where James
Whybrow lived. He glanced up at the first floor flat of the big
city prosecuting lawyer with his fancy BMW. The poor sod had no
idea how to talk to women. Jack knew the lovesick idiot stood at
his window and gazed at the girl. He hadn’t made a move in months.
It was too late for him. His opportunity had passed him by. It was
his turn.
Jack
waited for the red beret to appear up the hill. Her name was
Giselle McKay. He’d learned her name when he followed her to work
and asked the receptionist. He went to her house during the day. He
told Giselle’s mother, he was from the council and had to check the
premises for white ants. The telephone rang and Mrs McKay had to
leave him alone in Giselle’s bedroom. He went through her drawers
and wardrobe. A girl’s bedroom can tell you much about the person
who lives there.
As
Giselle approached, Jack made his move. He stepped onto the street
and crossed. As she drew closer, she looked expectantly at him.
Jack flashed a smile, ‘Is this a public footpath, or do I need your
permission to walk with you?’
Giselle
looked away with the semblance of a smile. He dropped in beside her
as they strolled for a short distance. ‘Did you make the beret
yourself?'
She shook
her head.
'It suits
you,' he continued. 'Bet it’s a designer label. Sass and Bide,
Country Road, Les Nerides.’
Her smile
broadened into a laugh. ‘Try Tarjay’, she said, a giggle in her
voice, meaning Target.
‘No!’
‘Twenty-four ninety-nine, it was on special.’
‘Looks great on you.’
‘You know a lot about fashion,' said Giselle.
‘My name is Jack Jones. Saw you yesterday. I wanted to talk to
you.’ Jack and Giselle were now walking side by side.
‘I don’t bite.’
‘Will you tell me your name?’
‘Giselle McKay.’
‘I'm a paralegal in a lawyer’s office. Dull job, but someone
has to do it,’ explained Jack. ‘I have to run after all the stuck
up lawyers.’
‘I write a column for Single Girl magazine.’
‘It’s around the corner. What's the slogan? Single Girl
the...
‘Single Girl—the magazine for girls who don’t want to be
single.’ She flashed Jack an encouraging smile.
‘That’s it. Do you want to be single?’
Giselle
glanced at Jack. ‘I write about discos and gigs and where to find
good guys. Nothing exciting.’
‘Have you found a good guy?’
‘Looking, they’re hard to find.’ Jack almost sighed in relief.
Giselle smiled. ‘Where do you work?’
‘Whybrow, Hart and Hunt, unless I can get a better
job.’
Time to
try it, Jack decided. ‘Does your boss let you go out to
lunch?’
Giselle
gazed at him.


Late
that night, Jack lay alongside Giselle in a double bed with just a
sheet covering their naked bodies. He gazed at the curtains where
he'd hidden a camera to record their sex and what he planned for
afterwards. His lovemaking was vigorous, but Giselle sighed in
appreciation. He dominated her.
Jack
remembered, when he was a child, Quinten Whybrow opening the door
to his room with an erection and a jar of lubricant. Fear still
coursed through Jack's body. He had to drive it away. Jack would
never let anyone dominate him again.
He
straddled Giselle, leant down and kissed her nipples. His hands
found her neck, she struggled—the more the better. All Jack's
muscles were pumping, strength raced through his body. Now no-one
would ever dominate him again. He was the dominator. Soon she lay
still. He kissed Giselle’s dead body. It was still warm.
Jack
switched the camera off. He carried it into the bathroom and
switched it on again. He ran a bath and checked the temperature. He
carried the body into the bathroom, and placed it in the bath
water. Jack manipulated the removable showerhead into her vagina.
He turned the water on hard to flush her out. He shampooed the dead
girl's hair with gentle strokes, and soaped every part of her body
with a sponge.
Jack
entered the bath with the body fondling her breasts and every part
of Giselle while cuddling and speaking to her, as if she were still
alive. Half an hour later, the water cooled so he pulled the plug.
He dried the body and himself with a towel. He dressed, sat Giselle
on the floor, dried her hair with a dryer, and brushed it until it
shone.
He
retrieved Giselle's clothes and carefully dressed her.
'When
they find you, you will be beautiful, like you’ve just stepped out
of a salon,' he said. 'Your makeup and hair will be perfect, I
won't let you down. Everyone will admire you. You'll be on
television.'
Her eyes
gaped. Jack pulled a length of tape off a dispenser and taped her
eyes open, but she had a look of horror. It wouldn’t do, so Jack
massaged her mouth until she appeared to be smiling.
Over the
next half an hour he prepared Giselle’s body. He dressed, groomed
himself until he felt satisfied they both looked perfect. Then he
flushed the used condom down the toilet and cleaned the hotel room
so no one would know they had been there. He removed a sheet from
the bed, wrapped the body, and carried it into the deserted
passage.


In the
Botanical Gardens, Jack carried Giselle's body until he found a
tree where she could face the sunrise. He taped a video camera to a
tree to film Giselle, and sat her against another tree. Now he
arranged the body. He tied her head to the tree with a cord so it
wouldn’t flop forward. However, her lips had formed a grimace. He
massaged her lips until a smile returned.
The
camera rolled with its inbuilt light while Jack walked in front
smiling into the lens and shifting it to several positions for
different views. Satisfied, he switched the camera off, and walked
back to the displayed body to check everything was perfect.
Giselle’s lips were grimacing again. He massaged them a second time
and stood back. Now everything was perfect.
The cops
would flounder around at this latest display; they were too dumb to
figure it out. They would never catch him, he was elated. Even if
they knew his name, he would hide in the best hiding place in the
world. No one would ever find him. He laughed. He should thank
James Whybrow but didn't think he'd bother.


Later,
in his flat, Jack watched the tape of Giselle. He reached over,
picked up his digital still camera and flicked through images until
Quinten Whybrow's picture appeared.
'You're
next. You'll never dominate me again you sick paedophile,' he said.
'You don’t scare me anymore. You should be scared of me. I'm going
to cut you up so no-one will recognise you.'


The
phone ringing in my flat woke me. I was surprised to be still in my
clothes.
‘James,’ said Harry Raven. ‘There’s been another murder. A
walker found her body tied to a tree in the Botanical Gardens. The
victim is Giselle McKay. She was with a guy named Jack Jones. He
doesn’t have a driver’s licence or credit cards. No birth
certificate, nothing! It’s like he doesn’t exist.’
No, it
couldn’t be, not my Giselle, I made the name up, how could I guess
it? No! If it was, how could anyone kill such a gorgeous
creature?
It was
time to look out the window. ‘Keep me informed,’ I said and hung
up. I waited, but Giselle didn’t arrive. I hung my head in my hands
and sobbed. It took me at least five minutes to look up again.
Every time I watched a girl through my window, someone murdered
her. Then it hit me, I must know the murderer. Otherwise, why does
he target the women I admire? No, that's paranoid, I decided.
Forget it. It's a coincidence.
A
beautiful blonde girl sauntered down the street. My melancholy mood
vanished. I felt the urge to run out and talk to her, but it would
be ridiculous—I had nothing to say.
I felt a
bulky object in my coat pocket. I pulled out a red beret, the same
as the one Giselle wore. I stared at it and wondered where it came
from. I crossed to the drawer in the cupboard and pulled it open.
It contained brooches, rings, jewellery, and items of women’s
clothing. The beret went in with them. Where did these things come
from? They sounded like the list Harry Raven told me about, but
they couldn't be. I felt dominant for a moment, I was choking
Giselle. No—impossible. I'll figure it out one day.
The sun
shone through the window. The blonde girl disappeared around the
corner. Not to worry, I had plenty of time to watch her.
Evil in the City



What a Dirty
Little Town


The day
they sent me to prison, the handcuffs cut into my wrist as Sergeant
Bull Revel pulled my arm and dumped me on the train seat. I looked
up at him to object, but the revulsion in his eyes stopped me. A
crowd had gathered on the Hunter River platform. I could feel hate
emanating from them as if the air carried it like a disease. One
man yelled, ‘Get out of town, you bastard, and don’t come back. I
hope they hang you.’
My father
watched from the crowd. His bewildered face made me feel I’d
betrayed him.
‘I didn’t do it, Dad,’ I yelled. Bull’s fist slamming into my
head shut me up.
How did I
come to be in this predicament? Three words—stupidity, booze, and
sex.
I’d
slipped away from the dance with my mate, Ian Flynn. We sat in the
park and drank six cans of beer each. I was drunk when Tiffany
Saunders sauntered up to me.
‘Hi Luke,’ she said. I clung to her as I staggered along the
river to the big oak tree. I glanced back at Ian; he’d rolled over
and gone to sleep.
‘Are you too drunk to do it?’ she asked.
In
answer, I grabbed her and kissed her. She lay down, hooked up her
dress up and removed her underwear. Tiffany straddled me.
Afterwards, I felt sick. I stumbled away and vomited under another
tree, and passed out. The next thing I remember, Bull Revel dragged
me out and arrested me for Tiffany’s murder.
At the
Remand Centre in the city, they threw me in a cell with, Clint
Yaris, who was awaiting trial for assault. My trial blurred from
one day to another. The prosecutor told the court about my semen in
Tiffany. Bull told how I was a known womaniser, and would rape if I
couldn’t have my way. More lies became facts as witnesses filed in
and out. The clincher came as Clint Yaris told the court; I had
confessed to him, I killed Tiffany. The result—twenty-one years,
with no parole for fifteen, I wondered what it took to make Clint
lie. Whatever it was, it kept him out of jail. Unfortunately, I was
never able to confront him. Someone murdered him two years
later.


The
train sped through the green countryside as I stared out the window
at scenes I hadn’t seen for fifteen years. Oh, how I’ve dreamed of
this moment. I was going home.
My fears
surfaced when I neared Hunter River town. I wanted to jump off and
disappear. But, I had to confront the real killer and expose the
town’s dirty secrets. No yellow ribbon around the old oak tree
would welcome me home. I had hated, schemed, and planned. The real
culprit would pay. Despite my misgivings, I had to be ready for
whatever the cops and the townspeople threw at me.
When the
train pulled into the station, my resolve had returned. I was ready
to take on this whole bloody town if I had to. I jumped onto the
platform, and hurried out the gate. My instructions were to report
to the police station as soon as I arrived, but I needed time to
think. I walked along the river bank. The sun was at its zenith.
Light reflected off gum leaves on the way towards the lawns along
the river. The river current dawdled as if it had no place to go.
It set the mood for a slow, lazy day. I headed towards the oak tree
where someone had killed Tiffany. I stared at the trunk. Maybe,
some revelation would give me an insight into who murdered
her.
‘Luke Griffin returns to the crime scene,’ said a
voice.
I spun
around and saw a cop in uniform. It took me a few moments to
recognise him. He was stout and thin on top, but Ian Flynn, my best
mate before I went to jail, gazed back at me. ‘Been a few changes,’
I said.
‘The prison emailed us. You were supposed to report to the
station.’
‘I’m on the way. Never saw this tree after Tiff was killed.
You blokes kept me locked up.’ Ian didn’t reply. ‘You’ve come up in
the world,’ I said. ‘They’re sergeant’s stripes? Where’s old Bull
Revel?’
‘Retired,’ answered Ian.
‘This bloody tree saw what happened. If I stare at it long
enough, maybe I can figure out who killed Tiff.’
‘We know already.’
‘No you don’t.’
‘You’re still carrying on. Give it up,’ said Ian. ‘Your old
man needs you on the farm not back in bloody jail.’
I glared
at the man who was my best mate all those years ago. He had known
my innermost secrets. I wondered how he could think I was a
murderer. ‘Mate, you know I would never hurt, Tiff.’ Ian shrugged
and looked away. I gave up trying to convince him I wasn’t the
killer.
‘How's my old man?’
‘Still in the old place, doesn’t he write to you?’
‘Never written a letter in his life. He still hitting the
booze?’
‘Comes into town and picks up his whisky and takes it back to
the farm. Since they took you away, I’ve kept my eye on him and
helped him a few times. Doesn’t stop him from farming, had a good
crop of barley last year.’
‘Christine Fisher still around?’ I asked. Christine and I
thought about marriage, until we had an argument; before someone
murdered Tiffany Saunders. She and I had been together for a month,
right up until Bull Revel arrested me, but she never came to see me
or contacted me in jail. I figured she wanted nothing to do with
me.
‘She’s Christine Flynn now. We married about a year after the
trial. We have three kids,’ said Ian. I’d always thought Christine
didn’t like Ian. She told me he was a dork. She must have changed
her mind.
‘How is she?’
For a
moment he sighed, I had the impression the marriage was in trouble,
but he soon collected himself. ‘Keep away from her. I don’t want
you to upset the apple cart. You were always chasing
skirt.’
‘Not a chance mate, all I want is to check on my old man and
find out who killed Tiff.’


I filled
in the forms at the police station, and walked through the Hunter
River town. Some people recognised me but I kept going. New
buildings were mixed in amongst the old ones as if the town planner
was drunk. The cars parked at the curb were new models I’d never
seen before. Music blared from a record shop. Several shops sold
computers and a new Woolworths’ supermarket sat where a huge
reserve once was. The car-park was almost full.
Our farm
was five kilometres out of town. When I topped the rise and stared
down at it, I felt a pang of regret at how the world had treated my
Dad. My Mother had shot through soon after she had me. It had
always been Dad and me, or should I say Dad, me, and a bottle of
booze. The townspeople reckoned when Mum left, Dad hit the bottle.
Nevertheless, the run down and dilapidated farm still looked
functional.
The farm
gate consisted of three pieces of wire wound around steel posts. I
climbed through, and headed for the house. About twenty sheep
grazed in the yard. Hundreds of empty bottles made the place
untidy. Paint peeled off the house, rotten timber surrounded the
veranda.
I
knocked. No answer. I yelled, ‘Dad, it’s Luke.’
I pushed
the door, it swung open; the lock was busted. Dad was slumped on
the kitchen table; an empty whisky bottle lay on the floor. The
room had dirty dishes and food scraps lying around. The floor
looked as if it hadn’t been washed for years. I shook him, no
response. I carried him to his bed, removed his dirty clothes, and
covered him.
I cleaned
up the kitchen and a few rooms in the house, opened the
refrigerator and understood what my absence had done to my father.
Besides a carton of milk, it was filled with meat pies in plastic
wrappers. My father lived on them. My stomach growled. It reminded
me I hadn’t eaten since breakfast. I took two pies and heated them
in the oven. They were delicious, but I shuddered at the knowledge
my father ate nothing else.
Nightfall
came. I tidied the house and put the soiled sheets from my old
bedroom in the washing machine. I heard a knock at the
door.
Christine
Flynn grinned at me in the open doorway. She wore a mini skirt,
plus a thin shirt pressed against her breasts. She flew into my
arms, and I felt dormant passions rise in me. Fifteen years is a
long time without a woman’s touch.
‘I’ve missed you,’ she whispered.
I led her
to the kitchen. We sat at the table. From the look on her face, I
had the impression she wasn’t impressed with the messy house. ‘You
never wrote or came to see me,’ I said.
She
smiled and reached for my hand. ‘Not my thing,
Sweetheart.’
‘Ian told me you two are married.’
‘We are, Darling.’
‘Why come here?’
‘I will always want you, darling. It doesn’t matter who I’m
married to.’
She stood
and pulled me to my feet. Her arms grabbed me tight and her legs
encircled me. I carried her to my bed. We crashed onto it. We
ripped our clothes off. I felt as if I had arisen from the dead. My
excitement boiled over as I touched her body and kissed her all
over. But, it finished too soon—I never wanted to stop. Sex after
abstaining for fifteen years was a huge high. But, I couldn’t help
feeling something was missing.
‘You were sexy. You’ve been saving yourself for me for fifteen
years. I wanted to be the first. I am the first, aren’t I,
darling?’
Her
attitude disgusted me. It was the same stupid outlook she had
before I went to jail. But, now, fifteen years older; I looked for
more from a relationship than sex. Christine’s still the same silly
teenager she always was.
‘Don’t you dare fuck anybody else; Darling. You can have me
anytime. I don’t care about Ian.’ She jumped off the bed and
dressed. ‘You screwed Tiffany and spent fifteen years in jail. You
won’t go to jail if you fuck me.’
She waved
and walked out the door. I heard the front door slam. A car
started.
The more
I thought about Christine, the more I thought what a dirty little
town Hunter River was. This town had a filthy secret. Who killed
Tiffany Saunders? I felt soiled. Christine didn’t care for me—the
sex was to mark her territory. She was drawing me into this
stinking town. But, I’ll never be a part of their murderous
tricks.


Next
morning, my father stared at me in bed.
‘How long you here?’ he asked.
‘Looks like you can use some help. The place is a
pigsty.’
‘Can’t pay you much.’
‘I qualified as an accountant in jail. Might get work in
town.’
‘Don’t bet on it. They hate you. The farm accounts are a mess,
you can start there.’
‘Heard anything about who killed Tiffany?’
Dad sat
on the bed and touched my arm. ‘The townspeople clam up when I’m
around.’
I swung
my legs onto the floor. Dad’s breath made me gag. ‘You’re still
pissed!’ I exclaimed. ‘Booze will kill you.’ He shrugged. ‘We’ll
send the bottles to the salvage yard,’ I said.
‘Phone don’t work. No one to talk to. Had it cut off,’ said
Dad.
‘My motor-bike still in the shed?’
‘Yeah, covered in rust. Be a miracle if it starts.


It took
me four hours to clean the bike and make it work. I called at the
salvage yard, and they agreed to collect the bottles.
At the
police station, Ian greeted me. I put the expired disk from my
motor bike together with my out of date licence on the counter.
‘Can you renew these?’
‘Did you ride the bike here?’ asked Ian.
‘Dad was pissed. I couldn’t push the bloody motor-bike all the
way.’
Ian shook
his head in disgust, but took the expired disk and licence. He
handed them to a constable. ‘Fix this up. The bike’s outside, it
will have to pass a roadworthy test.’ He signalled for me to follow
him to his office, and closed the door.
‘Christine told me she went to see you last night,’ said
Ian.
‘Yeah, she did.’
Ian
sighed. ‘I suppose she came on to you? Don't worry, I’m used to it.
I stick to her for the kids. Stay away from her.’ I gazed at him in
surprise. I’d fucked his wife; he seemed remarkable calm about it.
Obviously he was accustomed to Christine’s behaviour.
I changed
the subject. ‘Let me see the file on Tiffany’s murder.’
‘No way,’ said Ian. He crossed to a filing cabinet and brought
out a large folder marked Tiffany Saunders. ‘I read it again. Old
Bull didn’t like you.’
‘I didn’t like him.’
‘You liked his daughter.’
I nodded,
‘Old bull sent her away.’
Ian
showed me the front page. ‘It’s restricted. You can’t see it.’ He
laid the file on his desk in front of me. ‘I’d better check on your
disk and licence; it could take me a while.’
Ian
walked out of his office and locked the door behind him. I stared
after him, and tried to figure out what was in his mind. In the
end, I couldn’t. I opened the file. Sergeant Gregory Revel,
everyone called him Bull because of his thick neck, had
investigated the murder. It must be unusual for the local sergeant
to be the chief investigator. The city homicide squad handled
murder cases. I wondered how Bull arranged it. His reports were
neat and thorough. I read them all. Bull’s venom when he mentioned
me surprised me.
I
shouldn’t have been surprised. Sheree, Bull’s daughter, and I had
the hots for each other. No, more than the hots—I loved her, and
she loved me. We talked about marriage. Bull opposed it. He sent
her away to the city to live with his sister. She never spoke to
him again. I went to the city to look for her. Bull’s sister told
me she’d gone to Melbourne to get married and didn’t want to see
me. Bull’s wife left him soon after, I guessed to join her daughter
in Melbourne. Bull told me Sheree had met a good man. Not a loser
like me. It was the only time he spoke to me about her. But, from
the lies and half-truths he put in his reports, I could see he
blamed me for the loss of his family.
The files
told me nothing I didn’t know. In frustration, I grabbed up the
pile of papers and dropped them on the desk. A piece of paper
fluttered out. I picked up a note, written in a bold cursive
script: Bull, Charlie Walker wants to see you. He reckons Luke
Griffen didn’t do it. This note wasn’t supposed to be in the file.
It must have been stuck between pages.
Charlie
Walker, I remembered the kid. His father ran the saw-mill on the
outskirts of town.


Charlie
took me into his office and offered me a beer. ‘I thought you were
a prick,’ he said. ‘You had all the chicks.’
My
reputation as a womaniser embarrassed me. Someone had been
spreading rumours.
‘You went to the cops about Tiff.’
‘Old Bull told me to forget it. It had no bearing on the
case.’
‘What did you see?’
Charlie
ran his hands through his hair and stroked his moustache. ‘I wanted
Tiff to be my girlfriend. I followed her when she left the dance. I
saw you two banging away. When you finished, you threw up and left
her sitting under the tree.’
‘I flaked out,’ I said.
‘I watched her for a while, she was upset. Let’s be honest,
you were too pissed to be the great lover. I saw a shadow in the
trees; someone else was watching you. I decided to approach, but
stopped when the person went up to Tiff. They argued. It was
Christine Fisher. You know she’s married to a cop. That’s when I
left.’
I wasn’t
surprised; it explained her unusual behaviour the night before.
What stuck in my guts was Old Bull had known who killed Tiffany all
along. He suppressed the evidence. It would have been easy for
Christine to make the murder scene look like a rape. Christine
could get angry. She saw us having sex and worked out how to punish
us both.
Charlie
agreed to travel to Adelaide and tell the cops what he had told me.
I thought it would be better if Ian didn’t have to arrest his own
wife.


I found
Dad’s old rifle—a Winchester hornet—behind some tractor parts in
the shed. I cleaned, oiled, tested, and test fired it.
Next
morning, I woke at three AM, took the rifle with a box of
ammunition, and walked to Old Bull’s house. I kept off the roads
and travelled across paddocks to keep out of sight. His house was
located on a one acre block a long way from other dwellings on the
outskirts of town. He lived alone. I pounded on his door. The porch
light came on. I lifted the rifle to my shoulder. The door opened
and Bull stopped dead when he saw me.
‘What do you want?’ he demanded.
‘You knew I didn’t kill Tiffany. Why did you railroad
me?’
‘You took Sheree away from me, you bastard. She never spoke to
me again after you got through with her. I had to fix the evidence
to get you in jail so you couldn’t kill anyone. It won’t do you any
good. No-one will know. I’ll never tell anyone.’
‘Sheree ran away from you. Not me.’
‘You’re just a sick murderer. You’ll never change. I saw it in
your eyes as soon as Sheree brought you home. You’re a killer and
you’ll never change—you can’t—the evil is in you.’
‘More lies, I don’t think you know the truth anymore. I’ve
served fifteen years for a murder I didn’t commit. The state owes
me fifteen years. Or, it owes me a murder. When I kill you, it’s
all even. If they catch me, I’ve served my time for killing
you.’
‘You haven’t got the guts.’
He
lunged. I squeezed the trigger. He staggered and hit the ground.
The second shot made his head jump as the bullet entered his
brain.
I
collected the spent shells and lifted Bull’s body into the back of
his utility. A few specs of blood had spilt on the path. I cleaned
them.
I buried
old Bull in the pine forest.
I drove
Bull’s utility into Hunter River and left it parked at the railway
station and walked back to Dad’s farm. I put the rifle barrel in
the vice and bent it. I figured it would make it difficult to test
fire if the police found it. I went back to bed.


Next
day, the news broke about Christine’s arrest and Bull’s role in
framing me. Ian came to see me. He walked into the kitchen and
flopped into a chair. ‘Sorry, mate,’ he said. ‘I should have
believed you. The homicide boys are crawling over the
station.’
‘Did you have any idea?’
‘No, although I had a feeling, especially after you came
back.’
‘What did she tell you?’
‘She admitted it to the homicide boys. She was proud she paid
you back because you were unfaithful to her. And, she said, that
bitch Tiffany would never fuck any of her boy-friends again. It was
sad. Oh! She was difficult to live with. But, I had no idea what
she’d done.’
‘How did she persuade Bull to go along with it?’ I
asked.
‘Sex! Bull’s wife had left him. She said it went on until she
figured out Bull had as much to lose as she did. She found out Bull
wanted you in jail because Sheree ran away.’
‘Have they arrested Bull yet?’ I asked.
‘He shot through. We found his ute at the railway station. We
reckon he figured we’d be after him. He didn’t buy a ticket, but it
doesn’t mean much. He could have jumped on the train and hid. Don’t
worry, we’ll get him.’
Ian
leaned back in his chair and looked around the room. He avoided eye
contact with me. The events of the last few hours had defeated him.
I wondered how he would cope. He had three kids to think
about.
‘The homicide boys reckon Christine was mentally unbalanced,’
said Ian. He stood as if he was lifting the world on his shoulders,
and pushed the chair back under the table. He looked older.
‘They’re going to get her checked by a physiatrist. Jesus, what a
bloody mess,’ said Ian.
I patted
him on the back, ‘Forget it,’ I said. ‘We’ve lives to put back
together. It’s time to put the past behind. We have to
cope.’


The
Government had declared an amnesty on all unregistered
weapons.
I walked
into the Poe Hill Police Station with the rifle. It was a big
station close to the capital. I laid the weapon on the counter. A
female officer approached.
‘It’s been on the farm for years. The thing won’t work, the
barrels bent,’ I said.
She
smiled at me and pushed a form towards me. ‘Fill this in.’ She took
the rifle and put in on a table with about ten weapons with tags on
them. She tore off a receipt and handed it to me.
‘That’s it. Thank you.’
Outside, I kicked my motor-bike into life and smiled.
Was there a better place to hide a murder weapon
than with the cops; I thought. I
understood they put them in a furnace and melted them
down.


Over the
next few months a lawyer negotiated with the Government on my
behalf for compensation for my wrongful imprisonment. I opened an
accountant’s office in Hunter River. The townspeople used me and
business was good. I think they felt sorry for how they had treated
me. Dad and I worked until the farm was in shape.
I sat at
my desk and looked up when the shop door opened; I still didn’t
have enough business to have a receptionist. Sheree stared at me
from inside the door. A boy of about sixteen and girl of about
eleven were with her.
She
smiled, ‘Hello Luke. Read about you in the papers.’
I wanted
her all over again. Nothing had changed; she was the girl for me. I
jumped up from my desk and found chairs for them. She had changed,
more mature, but beautiful.
‘I’ve moved back to Hunter River,’ she said.
At first
I was elated at the thought of being with Sheree again, but my
thoughts went to a grave in a pine forest. The bloated body would
take on a greenish discolouration over time. The skin marbled and
autolysis advanced. The body fed on itself. Soon, the putrefaction
stage occurred when the cadaver’s own bacteria made the corpse
break down. Maybe tree roots had invaded what was left of Old
Bull.
‘You’ve been in my thoughts,’ she continued.
I focused
on her. ‘Sorry about your father,’ I said.
She
blushed, ‘I have to tell you something. This is Albert and
Victoria. I already had Albert when I met my
ex-husband.’
I
desperately wanted to know if she had married again, but I was too
frightened to ask.
‘Albert is your son,’ Sheree said. She turned to the boy who
gazed at me, as if he’d waited all his life for this moment. ‘This
is your father, darling. He’s the one I told you about.’
‘Mum’s been crying since she found out Grandpa framed you,’
said Albert.
The world
paused, or at least something skipped a beat in the next few
moments as I stared at my son. Questions bounced around in my
brain. I was elated. But, I was angry too at being denied the
knowledge I had a son. Suddenly, I realised Bull must have known
I’d got Sheree pregnant. He’d sent me to jail for fifteen years as
payback. I think my eyes must be staring because they were all
watching me. My emotions kicked in and I rushed forward and took
Albert, Victoria, and Sheree in my arms. We cried.
We broke
up, and I had no idea what to do. Sheree came to the
rescue.
‘Mum died, and now Dad has disappeared, I’m now a single mum.
If I can get a job, it would be cheaper if I moved back to Hunter
River and lived in Dad’s house.’
‘I need a receptionist,’ I blurted out, even though I knew I
couldn’t afford it.
‘Would you give me a job?’
‘Off course.’


Two
months later we were married. Sheree and the kids joined me at
Dad’s farm. He slowed his drinking and relished his role as an
instant grandfather.
The grave
in the forest still haunted me. The body would swell and break open
like an overripe tomato. Bacterial species in the intestines
decayed first, the liver followed, lungs, brain, and then the
kidneys. I wondered how long it would take before everything of
Bull disappeared, leaving only his bones.
I was
terrified the woman I loved would discover I had murdered her
father. Maybe it had to happen to be a part of this town with its
dirty little secrets. I’d joined them, but I had a dirty big
secret.


I worked
on the hole in the fence where six sheep had escaped onto the road.
The sun shone as the police car pulled up and Sergeant Ian Flynn
approached.
‘G’day, Luke. I’ve figured it out,’ he said. He leaned on a
post and stared at me.
‘Old Bull didn’t disappear. You killed him.’
I hung
the wire cutters on the fence and stared back at him. Ian went on,
‘You must have killed him the night you found out he framed you,
there’s been no trace of him anywhere. He’s dead isn’t he? You must
have buried him somewhere. It’s the only explanation.’
‘You’re talking out of your arse,’ I said.
‘I sent his ute down to forensics. They found his blood in the
back. I reckon you killed him and put his body in the
tray.’
‘His blood could have dropped onto ute if he cut his finger.
Do you think that’s evidence?’
‘You don’t get it, Luke. You came back here and went after my
wife like some avenging angel. She’s thrown into prison. I have to
bring up three kids. She was a terrible wife but a good mother. You
killed old Bull, now you’ve settled down with his daughter.
Everything’s rosy. But, now you could lose the lot. I’m after you.
I’ll prove you killed Bull.’
He turned
on his heel, returned to his car, and sped off down the road. I
watched the police car disappear in the distance. Ian was right—I
had too much to lose. Sheree must never discover I killed her
father. It’s time for another body to be buried in the forest. This
one will be more difficult, but I’ll figure it out.
Maybe I
should offer to look after his kids after I kill him.
Evil in the City




End of the
World


In a
land bleached red by the fiery sun, the vehicle sped down the track
at the head of the dust cloud, like it was a ship forming a surging
wake on a calm sea. The brown smudge rose into the light breeze
spreading out over the landscape lingering like it was more at home
levitating than on the ground. Two men sat in the dirty police
vehicle but it was difficult to see their colouring under the
dirt.
Constable
James McLean (Jimmy) of the Western Australian Police slipped his
hat onto the back of his head as he drove the Toyota Land cruiser.
The rumble of the wheels drummed into the cabin like muted thunder.
The whirr of the fully turned up air-conditioner mixed with the
vehicle noises making Jimmy hope he could stop soon. His part
aboriginal brown face was streaked by sweat running through the
dirt. ‘What time is it?’ He reached down and turned the air down.
‘I’m sick of that bloody noise.’
Dust was
entering the supposedly airtight vehicle, floating around the
cabin, spreading over the interior including the two men. Various
weapons, camping gear, and police equipment were fixed to the walls
of the cruiser as well as spread over the back seat.
Senior
Constable Brian Cross examined his watch, ‘Four o’clock. Look for a
camp site. Don’t your people come from out this way?’
‘Nar, there’s bugger all out here. It’s a lot better further
north nearer to the Kimberley’s. That’s where my people come from,’
said Jimmy.
‘This is the arse end of the world,’ said Brian.
‘Why are we here?’
Brian
pushed his sunglasses onto the tip of his nose attempting to wipe
the grit out of his eyes. Sweat smudged his tanned face. ‘The Sarge
reckons there’s some crims hiding out here in the gold and nickel
mines.’
‘Let the bastards stay out here they won’t do any harm. I’ve
got more to do than drive around in this dust bucket.’
‘Like what?’
‘Go and see my brother in Adelaide. He’s asked me to go to the
footy with him.’
Brian
placed his glasses back in place. ‘How’s he going?’
'That's
what I want to find out.'
They
drove for another hour through some low sun scorched hills covered
in small patches of saltbush and bluebush with an occasional small
tree or scrub. The dusty track took them near a dry creek bed as
they followed it for a few miles. The sand in the creek looked
pristine in contrast to the hard pebbly ground surrounding it. The
dry watercourse turned sharply where the water had carved out an
overhanging bank that provided shelter from the sun. Brian pointed,
Jimmy drove down onto the sand stopping near the
overhang.
He gazed
at an old mine that rose up on a hill about five kilometres away.
He took the binoculars from the cruiser to examine the area. The
mine was about two hundred metres from the top of the hill. Fresh
earthworks was showing, it looked like the entrance to the mine had
been made larger. Two men were erecting a high post near the
entrance. A road ran from the entrance to where the men were
working. ‘Looks like someone’s mucking about on that mine; there’s
tyre tracks in front of it. It’s the biggest mine I’ve seen in
these parts.’
‘Have a look tomorrow.’
‘They’re putting up a big post. What would that be
for?’
‘Probably a radio aerial.’
They both
tried to remove as much dust as they could by vigorously brushing
their clothes. There was no chance of using their precious drinking
water other than to lightly wash their faces. Brian unpacked the
camp stove adding water to a precooked pasta dish. Soon he had the
meal ready. They laid back as they ate while leaning on their
swags. ‘You reckon we need to mount a guard?’ asked
Jimmy.
‘Naa. We’ll sleep tonight. Long way to go
tomorrow.’
‘You’re the boss.’ Jimmy looked towards the mine he had seen
earlier. He felt a little uneasy. It was no longer visible in the
darkening light. He shrugged his shoulders before laying back on
his swag.
The sun
put on a display of orange light in the western sky. It seemed
reluctant to disappear and bring the night with it. Jimmy looked at
the stars breaking out as darkness descended. He was thinking of
his trip to Adelaide. It would be good to see his brother, his
wife, and their twelve-year-old son.
Jimmy
checked his watch, one am. Then he heard the noise that must have
woken him. What was it? He listened hearing a kind of gentle
whooshing like a large displacement of air with the faint sound of
an engine driving it. He noticed Brian was awake too. ‘What the
hell’s that?’ said Jimmy.
‘Dunno. Looks like a moving cloud. It’s going too fast
but.’
Jimmy
watched the dim outline sail overhead. The black shape blotted out
the stars where it travelled. The moon was just a thin crescent but
showing some light. ‘What the hell would it be doin’ out
here?’
‘It must be one of them weather balloons. It’s a big son of a
bitch. Don’t worry about it.’
The dark
shape was soon out of sight, with the silence of the night
returning. They went back to sleep.


Two
hours later, Jimmy felt rather than saw a presence. He opened his
eyes thinking he was still dreaming because a strange apparition
was looking at him. It took him a few seconds to realise it was a
face covered in night vision goggles sighting down a rifle at him.
Then there was nothing, as a blast blew Jimmy’s brains
out.
'Reckon
they saw the airship,' asked one of the apparitions with an
American accent as he stood up from killing Brian.
'Yeah!
They won't tell anyone now. No one will know we're burying nuclear
waste out here,' said the other in a mid-European
accent.
'Someone
will come looking for them.'
'We'll
just have to kill them too,' said the European accent.'
Evil in the City




Disposal


The man
with the black hair and beard paused at the front door of the beach
house. He looked back along the esplanade and checked his
watch–3.10 am. The black Saab sat with its interior light shining
out of the yawning open boot. Further along the dirt road moonlight
reflected on the dust stirred up by the car. Nothing else moved.
The man was alone. He had a lot to do. It would be hard messy
work.
He placed
the chainsaw on the porch while he extracted his keys from his
pocket and unlocked the door. There were no other houses near and
he could hear the waves breaking against the beach on the other
side of the building. Pausing in the doorway, he picked up the
chainsaw and carried it into the house where he placed it near the
stairs that dropped to the cellar. He switched the lights on.
Returning to the car he picked up a container of large black
garbage bags, and a staple gun, locked the car, took the bags and
gun to the house and secured the door firmly. He laid the lot on
top of the chainsaw.
He placed
his keys on the counter near the kitchen. He emptied his pockets.
His wallet, watch, mobile phone, and small change were added to the
keys on the counter. Then he continued to the bedroom where he
stripped off all his clothes except for his underpants and laid
them neatly on the bed. He paused, thought for a moment and then
decided it was easier to wash his body than his briefs. He slipped
them off and put his underpants carefully with his other clothes.
The man contemplated his naked body in the full-length mirror. He
touched his black hair, removed the wig revealing dark hair tied
into a ponytail and placed it with his clothes. The black false
beard came away too. He gazed approvingly at his changed reflection
and walked out of the room.
On the
way past the kitchen he took a sharp serrated knife from the knife
rack, picked up the chainsaw, black garbage bags and staple gun. He
switched on the light, and descended the basement
stairs.
His nose
picked up the smell of a naked body lying on the floor with his
hands and feet tied. For a moment he was disgusted with the untidy
appearance and the mess in his cellar. The man always liked things
neat and tidy, but he decided he had to put up with it. Soon there
would be a bigger mess in his cellar and he’d have to scrub it. He
was good at cleaning up.
Blood
from the tied man’s anus had stopped flowing but was congealed in
an ugly mess around his posterior. The man placed what he was
carrying on the floor near the victim. He felt for a pulse and
smiled when there wasn’t any.
He walked
around the dead man and examined his posterior. He pulled at the
bottle protruding from the anus but it wouldn’t budge. The bottle
was slippery with blood and he couldn’t get a grip.
Taking
the knife the man opened the bags, took out four of them, cut them
open laying the first one on the stairs and part of the second one.
At the top of the stairs he laid a cut open bag on the landing
smiling when the last one reached the bathroom. He looked back and
was satisfied he wouldn’t foul the house if his body was covered in
blood on the way to cleaning himself in the bathtub.
He cut
open more bags and taking the staple gun fixed them to wall of the
cellar. Eventually he was satisfied they would stop most of the
blood and flesh from splashing on the wall. With another cut open
bag he laid it alongside the body and manoeuvred it onto the
plastic sheet.
Now he
prepared a face-washer, towel, and a basin of warm water in the
bathroom.
In the
basement, he washed the blood off around the bottle and dried it
with a towel. When he grabbed it this time he could grip it. It
wouldn’t budge until he twisted and with a gush of blood it came
away from the body. Some of the blood splashed onto his body and
hands. He carefully washed and dried them thoroughly so he could
grip the chainsaw. The knife was lying on the floor so he picked it
up and cut the ties.
The man
turned the cadaver onto its back. He had to push with considerable
force down on the knees to flatten them to the position he wanted.
He stood and checked that everything was in place.
He picked
up the chainsaw and started it. The noise was deafening in the
small room. The man smiled, he thought it sounded like the Devil
was ascending from Hell. He liked the thought and held it. The
police and the people of Adelaide would soon think evil was walking
amongst them.

The
teenage boy pedalled fast through the parklands. His wet brown hair
was sticking to his face and his tight jeans showed his strong
legs. A Country Road jacket flapped open revealing a printed tee
shirt. Brown sneakers pushed hard against the bike pedals as he
tried to beat the rain. He bent his head over the handlebars and
watched the dirt track. It was raining hard and his jacket wasn’t
waterproof. Rain dripped down his face and into his eyes making the
path hard to see. He slowed. It was no use he had to
stop.
He
skidded to a halt, laid the bike on the path and dashed under a
tree for shelter. The tree provided some cover but he was still
getting wet. Low down there was a branch with a lot of foliage so
he crawled on his hands and knees. His hand touched something soft
he squeezed and lifted it. When his eyes adjusted he found he was
holding a female leg. He dropped it and gazed at the woman. She was
dressed in a floral dress but she wasn’t moving. ‘You all right?’
he asked. There was no answer. Then he caught sight of her lifeless
eyes and knew she was dead.
He
crawled out from under the branch as quickly as he could, grabbed
his bike and cycled away as if the body was chasing him. It was
still raining hard but he didn’t care how wet he got.
The man
from the beach house watched him and walked away. He was satisfied
the cops would not know he had killed the woman.
Evil in the City




Last Number
Redial


Susan
put the phone down after talking to her husband. She lifted her
daughter onto her lap and said, ‘Kelly, you’re over two now. You
mustn’t play with the phone.’ When Susan was on the phone in the
kitchen, Kelly loved to pick up the extension in her father’s
office and join in the conversation.
Kelly
waved her hand and said, ‘Bye.’
Susan
hugged Kelly tightly and put her on the floor. ‘Oh, bye. You’re too
cute to growl at. C’mon, I’ve got work to do.’
Susan
walked into the TV room and gazed at the curtain rod. Some of the
hooks were out of the curtains. She found a chair and climbed up to
the rod. She proceeded to replace the hooks. Her attention was
taken by Kelly pointing to her and saying loudly, ‘Who’s
that?’
Suddenly,
Susan’s foot caught in the back of the chair and she found herself
falling. She crashed onto the glass top coffee table smashing it.
She felt the glass enter her leg just before her head slammed into
the TV set knocking her unconscious.
Kelly
watched her mother crash to the floor and raised her hands and
giggled. She thought it was a game. She approached her mother and
tried to push her up. When she could not move her she became angry
and started to cry. Then she noticed the blood on Susan’s
head.
Kelly put
her hand in the air and said, ‘Sore.’ She remembered when she hurt
her hand on the hot bottle warmer. She knew what sore was. Some of
the glass was near her hand and cut her slightly. She withdrew her
hand quickly then noticed a small amount of blood. She went near to
her mother’s mouth so she could kiss it better. Her mother did not
move.
A small
ginger cat ran past the door and Kelly jumped up and ran after the
cat as she yelled, ‘Max. Max.’ Kelly loved Max. Max ran into the
bedroom and hid amongst the shoes in the walk-in robe. Max did not
return the affection. He escaped from her whenever he could. She
went into the robe but was unable to find him.
She
called, ‘Max, Max.’ When there was no response she sat down in the
robe and found some of her mother’s shoes. Kelly placed them on her
feet and tried to stand up. She lost her balance and plopped down
on her bottom. She started to cry then ran back to her
mother.
By this
time the blood from Susan’s leg was running down onto the floor.
There was a sliver of glass protruding from the wound. Susan’s head
was resting on the floor and blood from her head wound was staining
the carpet. Kelly felt frightened. She knew something was wrong.
She was not sure what to do. Kelly approached her mother and tried
to lift her. ‘Erhh. Erhh,’ she called out with the effort. ‘Sore,’
when she noticed the blood. She started to cry again.
She ran
from the room and wandered down to her father’s study. She pushed
the buttons on the computer. She knew how to make it work because
her Daddy had shown her when he lifted her onto his knee then let
her push the buttons. There was nothing on the screen so she became
bored. Kelly picked up the phone from the desk. ‘Bye,’ she said and
giggled as she pressed the buttons. ‘Bye.’ She laid the phone on
the desk―not in the cradle.
Then she
thought about her Mummy and went into the TV room again. She tried
to push her up. Kelly’s hand dropped into some blood. Her Mummy
always took her into the bathroom to wash dirt off.
She had
to walk past her Daddy’s office to reach the bathroom. She noticed
the phone off the hook. She went in and picked up the phone and
placed it on its cradle. Then she picked it up and said, ‘Bye,’
then giggled into the phone. She reached up and pushed the buttons.
The sound changed and she listened.
‘Hello,' the familiar voice on the phone said.
‘Bye,’ she said and giggled.
‘Kelly is that you. Are you playing with the phone again?
Where’s Mummy? Tell her Daddy wants to speak to her.’
Kelly
said, ‘Bye,’ and giggled again.
‘Did you get the phone to ring? You must have pressed last
number redial. Kelly, put Mummy on. She must be with you. Put Mummy
on.’
‘Sore.’
‘You’re sore are you? Where’s Mummy?’
‘Mummy sore.’
‘Is Mummy sore? Put Mummy on.’
‘Mummy sore.’
‘What do you mean?’ Her Daddy’s voice was becoming more
urgent. ‘How is Mummy sore?’
‘Mummy sore.’
‘Is she hurt.’
‘Sore.’
‘You hang up the phone. I’m coming home.’ The line went
dead.
She went
to her mother and tried to push her up again. She knew something
was wrong. She started to cry. This time she did not stop until
about fifteen minutes later when she heard a car screech to a stop
and her Daddy came racing through the door.
Later in
the hospital, the doctor told Daddy that his wife would recover. It
was lucky that she was found so quickly because she was losing
blood and would have died.
Kelly was
swept up into her Daddy’s arms as he squeezed her tightly. She had
never heard her Daddy cry before.
Evil in the City




My
Father


I
watched the spider weave a web in the wattle tree. It tested the
wind as the web slowly formed into an intricate construction
entirely symmetrical and perfect. The sun filtered through the web
showing exquisite silvery strands that looked more beautiful than
any painting I had ever seen. I imagined the spider was saying,
‘Ben, watch me, I’ll show you how to live your life.’ The
experience made me think of my father.
My father
was like the spider. He had to weave a mythical web probing and
testing to form complex relationships with all family members. He
had a different relationship with my mother, younger brother,
sister, and me. I only realised this yesterday. I was too wrapped
up in my own little world until it threatened to consume
me.
Why would
I want to watch a spider in my backyard? I just felt like sitting
and watching this wonderful thing of nature. I wanted to feel one
with the world, to understand the beauty of this earth because I
had just experienced the ugliness. I hoped this little spider would
drive the evil away.
I
remember when my father was my hero. I was five years old and would
wait by the window for him to return from work. When his car
stopped in the drive, my mother opened the door of our house and I
rushed into his arms. He would swing me up in the air and carry me
inside while I babbled about my day at kindergarten. It was like
Christmas every night when my father came home.
The
weekends were the best time; we played football and cricket in the
backyard or went on outings to the Zoo or drives and picnics in
country parks. The Adelaide Crows was our football team. My dad, my
mate Perry and I would watch the games together on television. My
father was the fun part of my life; I loved him and wanted to be
with him.
I was
eleven years old when I discovered that it was not cool to like
your father. He became “the old man”. It was more important to
please my friends than my parents. I also learnt that other kids
didn’t see their fathers as much as I did because their fathers and
mothers were always working. My mother worked part time and was
home by four o’clock, my father arrived by five-thirty so we had
our evening meal together.
My
friends told me that my father couldn’t have a good job if he spent
so much time at home. I knew he was the Managing Director of a
national company and earned a very good salary, but that failed to
impress them, so I was soon criticising my father as much as my
friends condemned their fathers.
One time
my mother took me to my father’s shop in a large building in the
city. The sales staff were all busy and I wandered around, not
wanting to touch the richly gleaming furniture in case I left
finger marks on the polish. My father was like a stranger that day,
a different man, pre-occupied and busy, not the pie and footy man
who wrestled with me at the park and feigned dropping the ball so I
could win a couple of extra runs in the backyard. It was like there
were two men, my father the managing director and my father the
father.
It was
hard to understand the different forces at work, my father the
Crows supporter, my father the man who laughed and played with me.
I could see that his staff feared him. I had learnt that we must
resist what we fear, teachers, bullies, vampires, and now my
father.
I put up
a barrier between us. I was always careful around him and practised
saying only what he wanted to hear. My parents allowed me to go on
the Internet, but unlike most of my friends, my father was a better
computer operator than I was. I couldn’t go into websites without
him knowing what I was doing. My friends at school were going into
the pornographic sites and looking up how to make bombs and where
to buy firearms. Not that I really wanted to know these things,
except for the pornographic sites, I was now twelve years old and
like all boys my age, I had an enormous curiosity for anything
sexual.
My
mid-teens arrived and I resisted my father’s attempt to communicate
with me. I went to my friends for advice. I think deep down I still
admired my father but it wasn’t cool to admit it, especially to my
friends. My mother became my point of contact in the
family.
It’s
funny when I look back that I didn’t see the dynamics taking place
within my family. My sister had a close and trustworthy
relationship with my father. She didn’t have the intense peer
pressure that I had to deal with. For girls it was trendy to like
their fathers. Where I discussed things with my mother, she went to
my father. She loved films, literature, the arts and they would
discuss them endlessly in a light-hearted easy way that made me
envious.
At
seventeen, I started to loosen up with my father, our common ground
was sport. We discussed the selections each week of the Crows and
whether we would have a chance of winning the game. It was the same
with the Australian Cricket Team, who was playing well and who
wasn’t was our communication.
My father
seemed to understand that I didn’t want the relationship to be
closer. We would discuss or argue about anything sporting. As I
reached my later teens, we expanded into talking about computers. I
often secretly lamented why he was not like other fathers and
didn’t know as much as their sons.
My friend
Perry and I had met when we were at primary school. We were always
together. We went out on double dates with girls and did all the
stupid things boys do as they grow up. I was better at sport and he
would come and watch me play. He was better at the arts and I would
watch him when he appeared in the University
productions.
Perry
said he wanted to be an actor and his father wanted him to be a
lawyer. Perry was doing well at law school, so I told him to
graduate then become an actor. We were good friends and then
everything changed.
What
Perry told me made my brain churn around like a merry-go-round; I
couldn’t get my head around it. Something was wrong with the whole
thing and I didn’t know why I couldn’t let it go.
I drove
home from University, parked my car then quietly went in the front
door and slipped into my bedroom. I didn’t want my mother nagging
me because I had to think, my mind was in overdrive; I couldn’t
stop thinking about Perry and I was lost in a constant turmoil. At
first I was feeling anger, then realised I was grieving for Perry.
Our friendship would never be the same again.
Mostly
Perry and I just joked around like blokes do. Everything changed
when he said, ‘Ben, you do know that I love you?’
At first,
I didn’t grasp it; I mean it was a shock; what was he saying? Then
I thought I wasn’t hearing properly. ‘Yeah we’re good mates,’ I
said.
‘Ben!’ The tone of his voice made me look at his dark brooding
face. ‘I love you, I’m gay, I have been for years, I’ve loved you
for years.’ Tears were forming in his eyes and I realised how hard
it was for him to tell me. At first, I was sorry for him then I
didn’t want to believe it.
‘Nar, you’re joking. I’ve seen you shaggin’ sheilas. You’re
not gay, you can’t be.’
‘I haven’t done that for years. I’m gay and I love you, I’ve
been building up to tell you for a long time. I’ve been dreaming of
you and me becoming lovers. There was no chance of that unless I
told you.’
‘I’m straight Perry, there’s no way I could do
that.’
‘I think you would like it.’
‘No way. I’m not gay, when I think of sex all I ever think
about are girls.’
Perry
rose from the seat under the shady tree where we were sitting.
‘Ben, I’m sorry this is such a shock to you. I thought you might
have known, I put out signals but obviously you didn’t have your
antenna up.’
‘I had no idea.’
‘You need time to take all this in,’ said Perry. ‘I’ll leave
you to think about it. I have some thinking too now I know there is
no chance that you could love me.’ Perry turned and walked back
along the campus. His shoulders were slumped as I watched him. I
felt a sadness descend that I couldn’t shake off. I left the
University and came home. Somehow, I had to make sense of what
Perry had told me.
I was so
sad for him that I wondered whether I did love him. As I lay on my
bed, I finally realised that in way I did. I loved him as a friend
but not as a lover. I knew what I had to tell him would not make
him happy but I know that’s all I could do. I could only tell him
how I felt.
I was
angry with myself. I thought of the terrible anguish I caused Perry
because I was too thick to pick up his subtle signals. Why is it
that the only message I understand is when I’m beaten over the head
with it? I lamented my insensitivity and felt I had to apologise
for it.
I rose
from the bed and looked in the mirror. Tears were running down my
cheeks. I had to speak to him because he might think I hated him.
He was still my mate and always would be.
I knocked
on his door and his mother said he was in the garage. I opened the
garage door and felt a shadow pass over me that filled me with
dread. Perry formed the shadow as he swung from a cross-member in
the roof with a noose around his neck. He was dead. I watched in
stunned silence as his words screamed in my head, ‘I’ll leave you
to think about it. I have some thinking too, now I know there is no
chance that you could love me.’ Was he trying to tell me he would
kill himself when he said that?
The next
two hours were a blur of ambulances, police, and people milling
about, Perry’s mother crying in grief. The police interviewing me.
I wanted to get out of there but the police said they might have a
few more questions.
I sat
with bedlam around me and I let disgust overwhelm me. How could I
say I was Perry’s best friend if I didn’t know he was gay and then
not know he wanted to commit suicide? In a way my disgust was like
a comforting cloak that allowed me to draw into myself and shut the
world out. I wanted the rest of the world out of my life so I could
try to understand Perry. I thought of joining him in death. How
could my best friend get so lonely and despairing that he would
take his life.
Then
anger joined the disgust. I was angry with Perry and in my mind I
shouted at him to tell me why. Why didn’t he talk to me about it
like we had talked about things in the past? I knew why, I wasn’t
listening, I was off in my own world and I didn’t hear his cries
for help. The shock returned as the tears streamed down my
face.
Into this
sorry scene strode my father, he came to me and put his arm around
my shoulders and said quietly, ‘Come on son. I’m taking you
home.’
A police
officer said, ‘He can’t go yet.’
My father
said angrily, ‘I’m taking my son home. He needs his family. Ask
your questions later.’ I was glad my father knew how to use his
authority.
He drove
me home and walked with me to my bedroom. ‘Son, we need to talk.’ I
nodded my head.
‘What are you feeling now?’ he enquired.
‘I’m angry Dad; I can’t believe that Perry would do that. I
can’t believe he would feel like killing himself and I wouldn’t
know.’
‘Why should you know how he felt?’
‘We were close. I feel like I’ve let him down. I feel like I
should have stopped him.’
‘How could you have stopped him?’
‘I don’t know. There were signals. He was fighting with his
father and struggling with being gay. He wanted to be an actor; his
father wanted him to practise law. I should have listened to him
instead of being angry, I should have known.’
‘He was gay?’
‘Yes, I only found out two days ago.’
‘How did you feel about that?’ said my father. I realised he
wanted me to say I was straight.
‘I felt sorry for him. I don’t understand gay people. They are
a mystery to me.’
My father
expressed a sigh of relief. ‘Did he tell you he wanted to kill
himself?’
‘No, not in so many words, there were hints, oblique
statements, if I was listening I would have picked them
up.’
My father
moved closer and put his arm around my shoulders; I felt comforted.
‘There was nothing you could have done. How could you have
known?’
‘I should have known.’
My father
told me how no one knows another person because we only present to
others what we want them to see. I looked at a photo on my dressing
table of a cricket team of young boys. Perry and I were together;
we were smiling at the camera. The happy image made me burst into
tears as I realised I would never see him again. I wanted my father
to tell me why it happened but he couldn’t, no one
could.
‘What do I do Dad?’
‘You have to deal with your loss. I think a part of that is to
honour Perry’s decision and accept it. Don’t try to understand it,
just accept it was Perry’s choice. Don’t blame
yourself.’
I wanted
Perry alive. I was to blame, but how could I have known if Perry
didn’t want to tell me? We think we know our friends but we don’t.
We are like ships on the sea; self-contained with a façade we show
the world but deep down in the bilge there are unreachable places
that no one really knows about.
My
father’s love reached out to me and I felt relieved, I knew his
love was unconditional and given no matter how I had treated him. I
was pleased that I was sensitive enough to realise it and I knew I
had to reach out and show him how much I loved him.


A fly
became entangled in the web; the spider rushed and caught the
insect and carried it away. My thing of beauty became ugly. Why
must beauty become ugly? Then I knew what the spider was trying to
tell me. From the ugliness of Perry’s death came the beauty of my
relationship with my father. My father, my friend.
Evil in the City





Awakening


After
nothingness he entered a world of eternal darkness, and gradually
inhabited a misty existence of shadow and light.
The pain
in his head was agony as he tried to lift his hands, but nothing
moved.
Fear
descended like a thick cloud of despair and engulfed him. His heart
raced.
Think.
What is my name?
Faint
images and sounds entered his consciousness.
A shadow
passed his eyes. Something irritated his throat. He breathed easier
and felt a warm hand pressing his.


He woke
to bright light that made him close his eyes. He listened to a
rhythmic noise as his chest rose and fell in time to the
tempo.
He heard
someone speaking, but did not understand the words. Then the face
of a woman entered his vision.
The
nurses turned him over and washed him her hands on his body and
human contact felt good.
Tiredness
overtook him. He slept.


Noise
pounded in his ears. The bright light assaulted him.
He closed
his eyes. He wished for darkness and silence to return.
A
voice.
‘Shane, you’re awake. It's Mum, can you squeeze my hand?’ He
did so; glad to learn his name. She leaned over and kissed him. He
saw a smartly dressed woman in her fifties with bright red
lipstick.
‘You’re in the hospital after a motorbike accident. You’ve
been in a coma for three weeks.’
He tried
to speak but choked at the effort. ‘You can’t talk. A tube in your
trachea interferes with your voice box.’
A
ventilator continued to breathe for Shane.
On the
other side of the bed a young pretty nurse said, ‘You’re doing well
Shane,’ as she removed the connection from his neck.
‘You must breathe by yourself for a while. We’ve been weaning
you off the ventilator. You won't need it soon.’
Keep me
on the breathing machine, I might die.


A week
later a much-improved Shane dozed in a reclining chair next to his
bed. A mirror was fixed to a wall and he was shocked by his
appearance. His head had been shaved and his sandy hair was growing
back except over the scar on his forehead that extended to the
middle of his head. His hospital gown and covers hid the scars on
his arms and legs.


The dream
he had every day reoccurred, a woman’s face covered in
blood.
He
woke.
He no
longer needed the ventilator, but still had a tracheotomy tube to
assist physiotherapists to clear his lungs with suction. His cough
response had almost returned.
The
changes were remarkable; he moved his arms. He watched people
moving in the room.
His fear
disappeared when he imagined his mother cradling him.
She
massaged his hands to stop his fingers deforming and kissed them,
leaving a red mark from her lipstick.
‘Can you recall anything about the accident?’ Shane squeezed
her hand twice. They had worked out a code—one squeeze for yes
twice for no.
‘Do you remember me?’ Shane squeezed twice.
‘Your wife?’ No, he signalled.
He had a
wife. He remembered a lady in a white wedding dress.
Why
doesn't she visit me?


Two days
later the doctor removed the tracheotomy tube.
His
dreams had tormented him since his mother mentioned his wife. What
did she look like?

Frustration made him wave his arms at his therapists because
his body would not respond. He wanted to scream. Tell me about the
girl dressed in white.
No one
did. The reasoning part of his brain now worked perfectly except he
had no memory. He could not communicate other than by grasping his
mother's hand.
Shane's
anger caused him to lash out. He was imprisoned in a deep dungeon,
no; worse—his intelligence remained sharp, but his body would not
co-operate. He tried to scream. All he managed was a few
grunts.
Where is
my wife? Shane put his hand up and touched his face.
The nurse
came to him, ‘I don’t blame you for being upset,’ she said. ‘If you
can understand me, I am sorry you are in this
situation.’
The silly
bitch; thought Shane as he lashed out with his arm and hit
her.
Serve her
bloody right. Tell me about my wife for Christ’s sake.
The nurse
called for assistance.


He had
to find a way to extract the information from his brain.
Concentrate.
A nurse
came to change his urine catheter. He liked her touch on his penis
and remembered the pleasure of another soft hand, and naked bodies
rolling on the bed. He was with the woman in his dreams.


His
mother entered the room followed by two men. She was crying and
struggling to regain composure.
‘Shane. This is Detective Sergeant Daly from the Homicide
Squad, and John Mason our lawyer. The Sergeant wants to ask you a
few questions.’
Shane
wondered why the cops had upset his mother.
Daly was
tall; broad shouldered, and surprised Shane with his gentle
voice.
‘Mister Hewitt, I understand you can communicate by squeezing
your mother’s hand?’
Shane
signalled yes. His mother nodded.
‘I advise you not to answer,’ said the lawyer.
‘Are you aware your wife Christine was murdered in a house in
Henry Street?’
Shane
gripped twice as numbness entered his body and sadness tugged at
his eyes. He rubbed his face and hoped his mother would tell him it
was not true.
She
remained grim.
Daly
hesitated, ‘We have a witness named Leon Oliver who claims you
murdered her. He said you stabbed him too. Do you wish to
comment?’
Shane
squeezed and his mother shook her head.
He was
stunned. They must be mistaken.
‘You don’t have to answer,’ said John Mason.
'He
doesn't remember,' Mother snapped.
‘Oliver claims he was having sex with your wife when you
caught them,’ said Daly. ‘Have you anything to say?’
Mother
shook her head.
Shane
wanted the cop to leave.
'Did you
see Leon Oliver kill your wife?'
Shane
delayed answering and thought for a moment before signalling
no.
‘Thank you Mister Hewitt. I hope you get better soon.’ Daly
exited the room with the lawyer.
Mother
leaned over and whispered, ‘You're not guilty. Leon Oliver killed
her. He’s lying to the cops.’
Shane
tried to make sense of what the police had said. Oliver must have
stabbed her. He would never harm his beautiful wife. He was
devastated to learn Christine was having an affair? The
circumstances overwhelmed him. His mind raced as he tried to
remember.
He
thought about his Christine and the pleasure of their lovemaking.
They had argued. She accused him of working too hard and did not
come home enough. He shouted they needed the money as he stormed
out the door.
A
frenzied man with a knife entered his memory. Shane knew
fear.
Blood
covered the bed.
Christine
yelled, ‘No, no, no.’
A man was
slumped on the floor holding his stomach as blood oozed through his
fingers as the killer stabbed Christine many times.
Then the
man glanced into the dressing table mirror. Shane was shocked to
see his own face there.
He was
the killer.
He
remembered riding fast along the highway and glimpsed a bridge in
the distance.
He had
decided to kill himself because of what he had done.
The
motorcycle crashed through the railing and landed on the railway
line.


As he
lay in the hospital bed he wondered if his memory had played tricks
on him. He must be a crazy murderer? Why did the doctors save a
butcher like him if they were aware he had murdered
Christine?
He
whispered the first words he had spoken since the accident,
‘I...couldn’t... even... kill... myself.’
Shane
watched his heart rate shoot up in the monitor. He had to calm
himself or the alarm would sound. He was relieved when his pulse
came down.
He found
a way out. The nurse had left adhesive tape with scissors on the
side table.

Stretching his damaged limbs he clasped the scissors. He held
them poised above his arm.
His heart
rate increased again.
He
thought about Christine. The frenzied killer returned. She
screamed, ‘No, no, no.’
The
crazed man kept stabbing Christine. He looked up. It was Oliver and
Shane was not the killer after all.
He
tackled the murderer to the floor, and plunged the knife into
Oliver's stomach.
Was that
the truth and he saw the vision because he wanted it to be
true?
He threw
the scissors away.
The heart
rate monitor's alarm sounded and the nurse rushed in and told Shane
to calm down and laid the chair back further. She found the
scissors and put them in her pocket.
Did
Oliver or I kill Christine? Shane questioned.
He would
never know.



Detective Sergeant Daly sat behind his desk as Detective
Senior Constable James Temple entered and occupied a guest chair.
His long legs stretched out in front of him as his intelligent eyes
examined his superior.
'Did you
arrest Leon Oliver,' asked Daly.
'Yeah, he
reckons he's innocent and Shane Hewitt killed her,' said
Temple.
'What do
you reckon?'
'Hewitt
did it.'
 
'If
you're right, we have nobody,' said Daly.
'Sure we
do.'
'Use your
brains. Can you imagine a jury convicting a man who was comatose
for three weeks and is unable to talk or walk? He'd get off with an
insanity plea with no penalty if found guilty. I doubt we have
enough evidence for a conviction. Like I said we convict Oliver or
nobody.'
'How do
we do that?'
'Oliver
has drug connections and he was Christine's boyfriend before she
married Shane Hewitt. She had a drug problem and maybe she
threatened to expose him and he killed her. This is our chance to
nail this guy. Find the evidence and put him away.'


A year
later at Leon Oliver's trial the jury foreman stood and announced,
'Guilty.'
The
prisoner leaped from the dock and screamed, 'You lying bastard,
I'll kill you.'
He ran to
Shane in his wheelchair and tried to strangle him.
Sergeant
Daly pulled Oliver off and handcuffed him.
Shane
wondered. Did I get away with murder? I will never know. The whore
had an affair with Oliver, so she deserved to die.
Evil in the City




The Classy
Dame


I stared
at her bare legs as the classy dame perched on my guest chair in
the only way her mini-skirt would allow. My eyes made their way up
her body, cleavage and finally to her face.
She was
beautiful, nervous, vulnerable, and sexy.
Her
silk-gloved fingers held a long cigarette holder. She finished her
smoke, and placed the holder in her bag.

Reluctantly, I turned my attention to the guy with her. The
grease in his hair could keep Shell in business. He was dressed in
a black suit with pointed lapels looking as if they'd poke his eyes
out. The bulge under his arm left no doubt, he packed a
gun.
The
grease glared at me, so I shook a Camel from the pack to show the
scum he didn't scare me. My lighter threw a flame. I lit
up.
'What’s
with the sleazy boyfriend, lady?' I said.
'My
body-guard goes where I go.' She had one of those Marilyn Monroe
voices that made you think of doing things to her you couldn't tell
your mother.
'Not in
here, lady—tell him to wait in the outer office. He makes me
nervous. If he blinks, I'll kill him.'
The
grease jumped forward. I stood and reached behind my neck and
touched the handle of my knife.
'Get out,
Luigy,' she demanded.
'But you
said...'
'Leave,'
she shouted in a voice a long way from Marilyn Monroe's. The grease
gave me a look—it said next time you’re dead. He swaggered out the
door and slammed it behind him.
I put my
feet up on my desk and gazed at her through cigarette
smoke.

Everything about her said money, from her mousy blond hair,
to her diamond necklace and rings that would have solved all my
financial problems. And, despite her mini-skirt and low cut top, I
figured her for a classy dame.
I swung
my feet off the desk and leaned forward.
'What can
I do for you, lady?'
'Mister
Mallet can you find people?'
'I find
people all the time. What’s your name?' If the babe was who I
thought she was, I felt sorry for her, and we wouldn’t be talking
long.
She
hesitated, 'Candy Bacchus.'
My face
must have shown my disgust—she gave me a look that said, so what.
'Papa Costanza’s..?' I looked for the right description.
'Partner,
I think is correct.' she offered as if she was proud of
it.
Papa
Costanza was low pond scum. He should be scooped up and flushed
down the sewer. He was in anything crooked, and he hated me because
I put his brother, Sonny, in the slammer. I nearly had the dirty
little microbe in jail with his brother. But the slippery eel got
off. He sent some of his grease balls to work me over, but they
went back to him busted up so bad they couldn’t work for a
year.
'He know
you’re here?'
'Doesn't
know everything I do.'
'What
about the grease-ball?'
'He does
what I tell him.'
I didn't
believe her. Papa wouldn't let her out of his sight without keeping
tabs. I decided to let her think I bought the story.
'Who do
you want me to find?' I silently cursed myself for asking the
question instead of kicking her cute arse out, but I was curious.
Let's face it; I'm a sucker for a classy dame. My head said kick
her out, but the rest of me said find out more. Then the final
notices in my drawer reminded me I needed the dough. Plus, I'd have
great pleasure in slapping the money down in front of the leech who
repossessed my car.
'My
sister.'
'Does she
want to be found?'
'She ran
away.'
‘Let me get this straight. You want me to find your sister who
ran away and doesn’t want to be found. Where does your sleaze of a
husband fit in this? No way, I don’t do dirty work for Papa
Costanza. Why can’t he find her?'
'Mister
Mallet!'
'Call me
Spike.'
'Spike,
she ran away because she's scared.'
I decided
to kick her out. 'No way, you can go. I want nothing to do with
it.'
She
rummaged through her bag and laid a photo on the desk. I picked it
up.
Nice, I
thought. The sister was the dame's younger copy, but more innocent
looking.
'Evie
Bacchus,' she added.
'What's
the real story, and don't give me bullshit?'
Her eyes
gazed at me and for a few seconds, I saw the hard lady behind the
veneer, then she softened and Marilyn Monroe came back, 'She's
scared of Papa.'
'Half the
city's scared of Papa, what makes her so different?'
'Papa
thinks she set up a guy to kill Sonny in prison, but she
didn't.'
'Why?' I
wondered who killed Sonny, not that I cared. There had to be a
reason the scum thought Evie set it up. But, I didn't buy the
dame's story.
'He's mad
with rage. He's vowed to kill you as well as Evie, because you put
Sonny in jail. Someone knifed Sonny while he took a
shower.'
The good
news—Sonny was dead. Papa wanting to kill me was nothing new. But,
I couldn't figure out what the babe was up to.
Candy
uncrossed her legs and leaned over giving me a view down her
cleavage.
Her voice
got even more Marilyn Monroe breathy, 'Please get her back. She's
my only sister.' She slipped her bottom onto the desk, 'I'll be
very very grateful. I'll give you a lot of money, and anything else
you want.'
My
hormones raced around and sat up and then went into a frenzy. I
noticed the dame's legs went right up to where things got
interesting. I thought about taking her on the desk. Then a neon
sign went off in my head—it said danger. I might be a sucker for a
classy dame, but I know when I'm being played. I had to think
straight and not be a sucker.
I looked
away and butted out my smoke, then took another to recover my
sanity. I lit it to give me time to think.
When I
looked back, she waved a wad of hundred dollar notes in my face and
tossed them on the desk. I guess she'd figured, if sex doesn't do
it, money will. The trouble was, she was right.
'Thirty
grand to take the job, and another thirty when you find her,' this
time she was all business.
Suddenly,
all those final notices in my draw would all disappear. I could
reach out and take the dough and save the agency. No, I'll manage
without their dirty money, but I had no idea how.
I'll only
feel the money, I thought. I let my hand rest on it and then looked
into the dame's eyes. She smiled. She knew she had me, and I did
too. I grabbed the thirty thou, opened the drawer, and shoved it on
the final notices—I figured they should get to know each
other.
The
classy dame threw a knowing look over her shoulder as she walked
out the office.
After the
babe left, I couldn’t figure out what really went on in my office.
There had to be another agenda.
I gave up
and gazed at the money. I couldn't remember the last time I saw
thirty grand all together.


Kathy
looked up from her desk as I entered the outer office. She'd told
me, if I ever called her my secretary, she'd kick me where it would
hurt a lot.
She had a
point—last year the Spike Mallet private detective agency needed
cash, and she provided it. Now we were partners in the business as
well as home in the fancy flat her rich old man provided for her.
The agency desperately needed the cash the classy dame gave
me.
Kathy
stood and walked around her desk dressed in a black skin-tight
shirt and pants with a holstered Glock 17 swinging from her shapely
hip—she looked like Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft in Tomb Raider.
And, she lost nothing in the looks department. She adopted an
aggressive stance with her hand on her hip, in a look at me,
attitude. I tried to ignore her, but juices running around my body
made it impossible.
'Like the
look,' I said, 'it's what every partner should wear.' I avoided the
secretary word—'does this mean you have plans for us tonight? Or do
you have Brad Pitt in mind?'
'Glad you
noticed.'
I
couldn't understand why she'd bother with a broken down PI who's
only a bad cheque away from losing the agency. However, she didn't
know it was so critical. I hid the evidence in my drawer. I guess,
deep down, I wanted her to think of me as a big time PI. She'd only
have to ask her rich old man, and he'd reluctantly bail me out
while telling her what a loser she was mixed up with.
'I notice
you every day, baby,' I said. I meant it—she was the only good
thing in my life, and fantastic for the agency as well as for me. I
couldn't understand it, but I'll take all I the good times I can
get.
'What did
the tart want?' Kathy obviously didn't share my views on the dame
being classy.
'You mean
our new client.'
'Make
sure she pays you with money and nothing else.'
'Of
course, whatever else could she possibly pay me with?'
Kathy
slipped her Glock out, 'Anywhere near it; and I'll shoot it
off.'


As I
entered the downstairs car park, the grease-ball came at me from
the shadows. I sidestepped as the blade went for my throat. My knee
caught him in the groin; he went down. I took the knife from his
hand and the Glock from his holster. I shoved the knife-point at
his throat. Blood started to trickle.
'Answers
grease-ball,' I yelled in his ear. 'What's this all
about?'
'The
sleaze's voice dripped venom, 'I'm gonna kill you slow. My blade
will cut you up into little bits. Papa will pay me
plenty.'
'Money's
no good when you're dead, sleaze-bag.'
I jumped
on his gun-hand with the heel of my shoe and heard a crunch. When
he yelled, I kicked him in the jaw several times until it broke.
This grease-ball won't kill anyone for a long time.
Then I
slammed my foot into his balls again. He made painful noises while
I walked away with his knife and gun.
He
thought he'd kill me for Papa. Now, he'll eat through a straw and
won't use his right hand for a long time, not to mention a certain
organ between his legs.


Kathy
finished the phone call and gazed at me. She wrote an address on a
note pad and handed it over.
'Evie's
lived in the same house for a year, but no-one's seen her for a
week.'
'They're
trying to make it look like she's missing,' I suggested.
'There's
thirty grand in my desk drawer on top of a bunch of final notices.
Pay everyone. I'll take some dough and get my car back. We have
sleaze bags to catch.'
Kathy
looked at me, 'What did you have to do to get the
money?'
'Find the
sister, baby—nothing else. But, you know me—I'd do anything for
sixty grand.'
'I'm
warning you. You know how good I am with a gun.'
I knew;
I'd seen her in action. She was the only dame who scared
me.

Sergeant
Trent Watson waved his hand at my cigarette smoke. 'If I get cancer
I'm suing,' he said.
Trent and
I went way back to our days in the police. We caught the same
crooks, had the same women, and pissed off the same senior
officers. We've been mates for a long time. He sat in my guest
chair trying to avoid inhaling my smoke.
'What
makes you think it's a set up?' That's Trent, straight to the
point, no messing about. Maybe it's why he's still a cop—no
imagination.
'Papa
Costanza wants me dead. He sent his sexed up dame to set me
up.'
'Candy?
I'm not surprised you took the gig. Papa's not doing so well. A
Lebanese gang is moving in on his patch. His dead brother had more
to do with his drug syndicate than we knew. Papa has transferred
ownership to Candy to protect his assets if he goes
down.'
'I'm
surprised,' I said. 'It was too easy to put Sonny in jail. I
thought someone set him up.'
'Rumour
is someone from the Costanza gang organised the Sonny hit,' said
Trent.
'Candy
told me, Papa thinks Evie set Sonny up. I didn't buy
it.'
'Should
let him set you up—might get the scum,' Trent suggested.
Did I say
Trent had no imagination? It kicks in when it's my neck on the
line.


I didn't
look for Evie. It had to be a Papa Costanza scheme to kill me. But
how? I couldn't figure it out; so I waited for him to make his
move.
Suddenly,
the phone rang—a rare occurrence these days. I signalled Kathy to
let me answer.
'Spike,
it's Evie,' she sounded scared. 'I haven't got much time. Papa has
me locked in a warehouse on the waterfront, the one on pier
thirteen.'
'I know
it.'
'He's
going to kill me. I stole Luigi's mobile to make the call.
Someone's coming.' She broke the connection.
Papa
would know I'd still front, even if it was a set up. However, it
suited me if he thought I was short in the brains
department.


I knew
what to expect when I entered the warehouse. Papa Costanza stood
facing me, and Luigi was to the side with his hand in plaster and a
sling over his shoulder. A wire pierced his face holding his jaw
together.
Candy
stood near an old office, while a girl, I guessed to be Evie, was
tied up at her feet. Two goons stood behind Papa and
Luigi.
I had to
make myself appear vulnerable to provoke them. I laid my Glock on
the floor at my feet. 'Don't want no trouble, Papa,' I said, 'Now
you lay your guns down to show good faith. Let Evie go.'
'She can
go anytime.'
Evie
stood and the ropes dropped to the floor.
'You've
always been trouble, Mallet. You put Sonny in jail, and someone
killed him. Now, I'm gonna kill you.'
'You
don't care about Sonny; you had him killed. You made it easy to put
him in jail because you planted the evidence on him,' I
shouted.
I wanted
Papa angry at me to distract him.
It
worked. He shouted, produced a gun, and pointed it at
me.
'Jees,
you're dumb to come here alone. Now you're unarmed. Evie's not
kidnapped. Candy said she could get you here, and she did. Now I'm
going to kill you.'
They say
the eyes are the window to the soul. I'm not sure if it's true, but
Papa's eyes telegraphed when he decided to fire.
I
flattened myself on the floor as the bullet screamed over me. I
reached behind my neck for my long bladed knife and threw it at
Papa. It entered his throat and the point came out the other side.
His eyes bulged as he collapsed.
I grabbed
my Glock as the goons went for their guns. But, I didn't need it.
The two goons died from a bullet to the head before their guns
cleared their holsters. Liugy had more time, but was still too slow
with his left hand and died before he could fire his
weapon.
I looked
up to where Kathy and Trent had hid on top of an old office before
I entered the warehouse.
An eerie
silence replaced the mayhem.
Except
for blood oozing from the dead bodies nothing moved.
Papa's
dead eyes stared at me. I wondered if he realised, before he died,
I'd set him up rather than the other way round.
Kathy and
Trent walked into the warehouse. She carried her machine carbine. I
had to admit she was a dangerous lady with a firearm in her
hands.
'Took
your time,' I said.
'Thanks
for saving my life would be more appropriate. I had to wait until
he went for his gun and fired.'
About six
uniformed cops entered the warehouse.
I removed
my bullet proof vest and the listening device from under my
shirt.
Candy
smiled when I looked at her,' you didn't need the wire, Spike,
you've got two witnesses to testify you acted in
self-defence.'
'I
couldn't figure you out.'
'You've
made me rich, there's a bonus. I'm grateful.'
Finally,
I got it. What a sucker. It's wasn't about Papa killing me. It was
about me killing Papa. The dame had me fooled. What an idiot, she
played me for a sucker. Papa was in danger from the moment he
placed his assets in Candy's name. She was too smart. If she'd put
a hit order on him, she risked being arrested. This way, I killed
Papa legally.
I had a
feeling Candy would make the Costanza gang bigger and deadlier than
ever.
Candy
smiled as she handed me the bag, 'There's sixty grand in
there.'
Her voice
sounded sharp. I preferred Marilyn Monroe.
I was
wrong. She was no classy dame.
Evil in the City



The
Escape


The
Melbourne train rumbled into the station and stopped at the
platform. Jason emerged from the shadows, produced his ticket, and
found a seat at the rear of the train. He stowed his luggage then
looked at his hands. There was no trace of blood.
Earlier,
the blood was everywhere. He couldn’t believe it. It was all over
the bed, the walls, him, his wife, and the bastard that was fucking
her. The bastard won’t fuck her again. He hoped he had killed them
both.
He had
ducked in from work and found them hard at it. They sprang apart as
he entered the room and yelled, “What the hell is this?”
“What’s it look like mate. You blind or somethin’.” First
surprise then rage was taking hold of Jason. “The little women here
reckons you’re not too flash in the sex department, can’t get it
up, she says.” The man was unknown to Jason, much bigger but going
to fat.
The shame
hit Jason like a sledgehammer as he pictured his wife trying to
coax his penis into an erection without success. He screamed and
ran from the room. “Don’t worry about it mate. I’ll do it for yuh.
Jus’ make yourself a cup of coffee. I won’t be long. I’ll tell yuh
how to do it,” taunted the man.
Jason
grabbed a large knife from the kitchen and ran to the bedroom. The
lover had mounted Jason’s wife again. Jason plunged the knife into
his back. The man grunted and turned as Jason stabbed him again in
the stomach. The man screamed then rolled off the bed. Jason’s wife
screamed as her husband attacked her repeatedly in his frenzied
rage.

Exhaustion was the only thing that made him stop. He wondered
what the noise was. It was him screaming. He stopped and looked
around the room; the lover and his wife lay still. He lay back in
the gore until his breathing returned to normal. “Good God! What
have I done?” he said softly. He put his hands to his face. He
still had the knife. He threw it away. The sobbing started and
racked his body as he realised his world was destroyed. “Why did
the bitch do it?” he yelled through the sobs.
Ten
minutes later, he calmed down. He looked at himself in the mirror.
Dirty. He was dirty. He had to get clean. He ripped his clothes off
and left them to lie where they fell on his way to the bathroom. He
showered and found some clean clothes.
Escape.
He had to escape before they found him. They might find the bodies
soon. Then they would be watching the airport, trains, and buses.
They would be watching the roads. He would risk the drive to Murray
Bridge and get on the train to Melbourne.
He smiled
as the train left the station and he thought about the frenzied
killer in his house.
Evil in the City




Watch in
Silence


Gunther
Mueller—a Polish Immigrant—rode his bouncing motorcycle around the
potholes as he travelled in the rain along the country road near
Saddleworth.
He found
the turnoff to Staggers’ farm.
It had
been five years since he had last been in South Australia—this time
he sought Merilyn—now Norm Staggers’ wife. Gunther also wanted to
see the daughter he had conceived with Merilyn. He hoped they had
found happiness after he had deserted them. They deserved better
than a man who ran away. He couldn’t stay with them after Merilyn's
brother tried to kill him.
The
thought of Michael Flynn made him reach behind him and touch the
shotgun strapped to his rear carrier. He had sawn off the barrel to
make it easier to carry. The shooter would solve all his
problems.
A picture
of Michael aiming a rifle at him invaded his thoughts and he
remembered his fear. He had debated with himself many times about
going back to Merilyn and his daughter.
The war
ruined many men, Michael was one of them who hated Germans. Gunther
made the mistake of telling his future brother-in-law he'd been
forced to fight in the German Army during the war.
Michael
screamed at him, 'You're no better than the Germans who killed five
of my mates. No one who fought for the Germans can be a part of
this family. Get out―never come back or I'll kill you.' He picked
up his rifle, loaded it, and pointed it at Gunther. A bullet
screamed past his head as he kicked his motorcycle into life and
sped away.
He was
afraid the paranoid Michael Flynn would kill him. He could still
see hatred on the twisted face coming at him. He would have lived
through the war only to be killed by a crazed gunman. What was it
all for? His life was a farce, like a bad play who had the audience
laughing, and walking out on the performance.
He rented
a room in Melbourne and obtained employment as a
carpenter.
He led a
quiet life, going to the pictures or an occasional soccer match. He
moved in with a woman who was often drunk. He put up with it
because he had regular sex and they liked to visit
nightclubs.
Then a
week ago, he found her with another man in their flat. He bashed
the man while the woman screamed at him. He'd climbed on his
motorcycle and headed back to South Australia. After four years, it
was time to sort out his life.
He knew
Merilyn had married and moved to Saddleworth. He wrote to Merilyn
to explain why he had left. However, her mother had intercepted the
letter and wrote to him via the post office box he had provided as
a return address. She sent a clipping from the local newspaper
about the wedding of Merilyn to a prosperous farmer. The letter
gloated about how much better she had done than that of a Polish
immigrant who had no prospects.
He found
the turnoff to the farm and stopped. It was still light, so he rode
further down the main road into a clump of trees and sheltered from
the rain. What he wanted to achieve on the farm would be easier in
the dark.
When
darkness descended he left his motorcycle in the trees and walked
towards the farmhouse. The graded dirt road was visible despite the
dark.
Two
houses appeared in the gloom. The man at the Post Office told him
Norm Staggers' parents occupied the main house. A light illuminated
the big house window as he walked past and headed towards the
smaller house about a hundred metres away. He settled into the
shadows in the barn that stood close to the house, and
watched.
Several
lights showed and from one room he saw a woman combing a young
girl's hair. The woman leaned forward into the light—he felt tears
form when he saw Merilyn. The girl looked about the right age to be
his daughter. He watched his ex-fiancé—who he still loved— and
daughter in a beautiful tranquil scene. The moment's emotion made
his heart jump. He wanted to rush forward, take Merilyn in his
arms, learn his daughter's name, pick her up, whirl her around, and
tell her he was her father.
He
thought about his wasted life. Why would they want him back? Their
life appeared better without him. He felt helpless. Even if she
wanted him back, Michael Flynn stood like a colossus behind his
sister with his rifle poised. She wouldn’t want to leave her family
and hide away from Michael like an escaped convict.
His
fantasy of persuading Merilyn to run away with him was just that, a
fantasy. He had imagined her rushing into his arms many times and
forgiving him for deserting her and their daughter. He was a waste
to the world. Why did he survive the war? He decided he wouldn’t
survive the shotgun. The barn was ideal. It would be easy for
someone to clean up the mess afterwards; he wouldn’t cause more
trouble than he had to. Merilyn would know he was dead and wouldn’t
complicate her life. Maybe the dramatic gesture would tell her he
still loved her. He readied the shotgun.
A shout
from the house made him stop.
‘Have you ironed my shirt for tomorrow? Stop stuffin’ about
with the little Polish bitch an’ iron my shirt. I'm sick of
supporting her; she's not even my kid.’
‘I’ll do it in a minute,’ said Merilyn, ‘I’m nearly
finished.’
‘Do it now.’
Gunther
watched as the man entered the room, he heard the blow and saw
Merilyn fall across the room. The man kicked her while she lay on
the floor. He felt disgust at the treatment and had to stop himself
rushing to her aid—unsure whether his help would be
welcomed.
‘I’m goin’ into town termorra. Do the shirt now. Jesus you’re
useless.’ The man left the room and Gunther heard his daughter and
Merilyn crying. Slowly, their heads appeared in the window. Merilyn
took a large breath and stopped crying. Red welts showed on her
face.
Gunther
hefted the shotgun and thought about shooting Norm Staggers.
Merilyn came away from the window and he heard noises he thought
were associated with ironing a shirt.
He
decided to wait. He wanted to know more about Merilyn’s life. She
couldn’t be happy with a brute like Staggers. About an hour later,
the bedroom light went out, but the kitchen light stayed on. His
daughter's light went out.
Half an
hour later, Gunther saw the glow of a cigarette come around from
behind the house. He backed into the shadows and watched the person
walk towards him. The light from the kitchen framed the figure—it
was Merilyn. He ached to hold her, but was afraid he'd frighten
her. He waited—she entered the barn and sat on tractor
wheel.
He
whispered, ‘Merilyn.’
She stood
up quickly. ‘Who’s there?’
‘Don’t be frightened,' he used the name she always called
him.' It’s Fred.’ He walked up to her. She was apprehensive. ‘Don’t
be frightened, it’s only me. It’s Fred.’
She
recognised him. ‘Fred!’ she exclaimed and flew into his arms.
Gunther felt the wet tears against his cheek. ‘I’ve prayed for you
to come back.’ They stood for a minute. Gunther felt his dreams
coming true. Finally she asked, ‘What are you doing
here?’
‘To see you and the girl. Only wanted to watch you through the
window. Didn’t want to bother you. You walked in, couldn’t help
speaking.’
‘Will you take us away with you? Away from him.’
‘Of course, are you sure?’
‘Yes, why did you leave me? You broke my heart.’
‘It had nothing to do with you. Michael tried to kill
me.’
‘How, why? What did he do?’
‘The war—it’s a long story.’
‘Tell me.’ He told her.
‘I’ve always been in love with you,’ he concluded. ‘I was a
coward to run away.’
‘We could leave tonight and go where no one could find us.
You’ll never have to see Michael again,’ she said.
‘What about your family? How could you leave them?’
‘Easy, Mum made me marry that excuse for a man because I was
pregnant and he was a farmer with money. She said she couldn't bear
the shame I'd bring on the family. I think she meant bring on her.
She didn't care he was a brute. All my relatives can go to Hell.
They left me to be raped and beaten.’
‘I feel responsible for what happened to you. I let you down.
Are you sure you can trust me? ’
‘I still love you even though you broke my heart. We could get
away, start a new life somewhere.’
‘When will we leave?’
‘Now, I’ll get Barbara and a few things and go. How did you
get here?’
‘I left my motorbike out on the road.’
She came
into his arms and kissed him longingly.
'There
you are.' Norm Staggers stood in his pyjamas. 'Who's
this?'
'I'm
taking her away,' said Gunther.
'Like
hell you are. She's my wife. She's mine.'
'Not when
you beat and rape her. I'm taking her and the girl.'
'You can
have the kid, reckon she's yours anyhow. But I need someone to fuck
and do the work.'
Gunther
handed the shotgun to Merilyn. Staggers rushed at his opponent.
Gunther grabbed him around the waist and head butted him on the
nose.
Staggers
yelled, 'You bastard.'
Gunther
pushed the farmer away and punched him on the nose again. Blood
flowed down his face.
Staggers
rushed, his arms flailing only to be hit again. He staggered then
collapsed. Merilyn hit him over the head with the
shotgun.
'Come on,
we have to hurry before he comes round,' she exclaimed.
They
rushed to the house where mother and daughter packed essential
belongings.
Merilyn
said, ‘This is Barbara, your daughter.’ He stopped and smiled,
apprehensive, but she only stared. ‘Come on, time to get know each
other later,’ said Merilyn.
They
hurried down the road and found the motorcycle in the trees.
Gunther wheeled it onto the road, ‘How are we going to do this?
asked Merilyn.
‘Barbara can sit in front of me on the petrol tank, you on the
pillion seat. Put the things in the saddle bags.’
Merilyn
placed her arms around him and he felt her body against him, he
felt his daughter between his arms. He let the clutch out and the
heavily laden motorcycle staggered down the road towards the
turnoff to Murray Bridge.
‘Hope we don’t see any cops. I don’t think this is legal,’
said Gunther.


The next
day he sold the motorcycle and bought a car. They travelled to
Melbourne and on to Morwell where they found temporary
accommodation under an assumed name.
A week
later, Gunther found work and their new life started.

Ten
years later, Merilyn contacted the Birth Deaths and Marriages in
Adelaide. She discovered Norm Staggers had divorced her five years
previously.
Two weeks
later, Gunther bundled the family into his car, they now had four
children, and drove to Melbourne.
Merilyn
and Gunther were married in the registrar office while their
children watched.
Evil in the City




After the
Affair


The
television was on as the weather girl set out the innocuous weather
information at the end of the news. Rosemary glanced at her husband
as he sat in his chair reading the newspaper. The kids were off
their hands these days and there was only the two of them at
home.
Suddenly,
a face appeared on the screen that made her sit up and gasp
slightly. Richard Nathan’s face smiled out as the announcer
proclaimed an exclusive interview with one of Australia’s richest
men.

Rosemary’s mind went back thirty years as she remembered the
seminar in Melbourne called, ‘Don’t dream of selling. Just do it.’
The cosmetic company she worked for, still works for, sent her to
the three day seminar. Mike her husband was having a terrible time
in the architectural firm he worked for. His boss would not accept
his designs for a major building they were designing. Every night
he would come home with another complaint about his treatment. They
went around in circles discussing whether he should resign. The
pressure on Mike was affecting their marriage. Rosemary was sure
they were heading for divorce. She remembered feeling happy to get
away.
The first
day of the seminar went according to plan with nothing she hadn’t
heard before, except for an impressive young man called Richard
Nathan. His address was on communications and he knew his subject.
Rosemary returned to her hotel and dressed for dinner. She rang
Mike and found out the situation was worse. He was in a terrible
state. She told him to resign.
Rosemary
arrived early for dinner and sat in the foyer and thought about her
advice to Mike. Perhaps she was too harsh. But she was sick of it.
“You look sad. Can I sit here?”
Rosemary
looked up and saw a smiling Richard Nathan. “I’ve had some bad news
from home.”
“Not too bad I hope?”
“My husband is thinking of resigning his job.”
“Does he have another one to go to?”
‘No. He is having such a hard time with his boss. Mike’s a
very good architect. For some reason, his boss is rejecting all his
designs.’
‘Tell him not to take it. Tell him to quit. If he’s good he’ll
get another job.’
‘I did that. The problem is I’m not sure I can take it. He
seems to be impossible to live with. I’m not sure I want to go on.
Oh! Why am I telling you all this? It must be so
boring.’
“Not at all. It helps to talk about it.”
“I feel like I’m letting him down. As soon as trouble starts I
want to back out.” The tears formed and Richard took a clean
handkerchief from his pocket and leant over to brush them away and
took her hand.
“The problem will be resolved,” he said quietly. “You are
worrying too much.”
“I know I am silly. Please forgive me. It’s just got on top of
me. Thank you for listening.”
“Rosemary,’ he said quietly. He read her name from her name
tag. “It’s so good to hear about home in this place of false
optimism. It somehow brings home to us that this is not the real
world. At home with all our problems is the real world.”
“You would not have any problems,” she said. “You seem so
confident.”
“I have had some bad news from home. My wife and I have been
trying to have a family. She was two weeks over. I have just got
off the phone. Not this time I’m afraid. I don’t think we can have
children.” The sadness in his eyes told Rosemary that Richard was
very depressed. The mask had slipped.
“There a lot of things they can do now. Don’t worry,” she said
as she squeezed his hand in comfort.
“I know. But do you know what worries me the most? I don’t
think I will ever have children. That is a terrible curse to put on
a man. I think that curse is on me.”
Rosemary
slid over on her seat and put her arm around him. “Don’t say that.
Oh, you poor dear.”
Richard
sat up. “Oh, I am sorry. You must think I’m terrible. I’d like to
get away from that crowd in there. I know a nice little place where
they serve great spaghetti. I know it’s hard to eat, but I won’t
look at you if you don’t look at me.”
The meal
was wonderful and they comforted each other that night and the next
day and night as they both forgot the seminar. The next day they
knew they had to say goodbye.
“Rosemary I love you,” said Richard as he held her in his
arms. “I love you, but I also love my wife. Please understand that
I will never forget you. I needed you so much and you were there
for me. I would be afraid to meet you again. I hope you
understand.”
“I love you to,” said Rosemary. “I understand. In a way you
have made me realise I must support Mike through his problems. I
really needed you. You were there. I will never forget
you.”
Rosemary
was not sorry. Richard had made her forget her problems with Mike
for a little while. She felt guilty, but she was not
sorry.
She
returned home and found Mike was still having terrible problems at
work. She threw herself into support for him. Two weeks later Mike
rang her at work and told her to meet him at a restaurant. He was
there when she arrived and rose and was smiling with mischievous
look on his face. “What’s going on?” she asked.
“I’ve had the most incredible day. I can’t believe what’s
happened.”
“Tell me.”
‘You know how we discussed if the crap got too much I’d
resign. This morning it did. So I went up to the Manager’s office.
I decided to go over the Supervisor’s head. I told the Manager that
I was resigning. He wanted to know why, so I told him. He asked me
to show him my designs. He liked them.
‘He told me that the client of the building we are working on
is most disappointed with the designs we have shown him to date. He
phoned and took my designs to show the client. He loved
them.
“We drove back to the office and he sent me back to my work
station. A few hours later I noticed the supervising architect
clearing out his desk. The manager called me into his office and
offered me the job as supervising Architect at an increase in
salary. So, you are looking at a happy architect with a happy boss
and a happy client.”
“Oh Mike,” she said as she moved around the table and kissed
him. “I am so happy for you. You deserve it.”
“Yeah I think I do. I don’t know if I deserve you though. I
must have been terrible to be married to. I spoke to my father
about it. He told me not to worry about my job. He was very angry
with me. Never neglect your marriage. Your marriage and your family
is far more important especially with a wonderful wife like you.
I’m so sorry Darling. Please forgive me.”
Rosemary
smiled and squeezed Mike’s hand. “I wish I had given you more
support. You needed me and I am not sure I did all I
could.”
“It’s all over now. We got through it,” said Mike.
Two weeks
later, Rosemary knew she was pregnant. She was almost sure it was
Richard’s. She now wanted her marriage to Mike more than anything
in the world. She would pass the child off as Mike’s. It had
worked. Even though Martin, her son, was so different from the rest
of her children Mike had never said a word. He and Martin were
close as father and son.
The
interview with Richard Nathan was going well with the interviewer
discussing Richard’s communication network and the planned
expansion into South East Asia. Richard was relaxed and answered
the questions with and easy style.
“I would like to ask you a few personal questions if you don’t
mind?”
The
camera panned onto a close up of Richard as he said, “As long as
they are not too personal. If they are, I’ll tell you to mind your
own business.”
“You’ve been married to Yoland your wife for thirty-two years.
Is that correct?”
“Yes,” said Richard tentatively.
“You have no children. Is there a reason why? Is it because
you don’t want to have them? Or, is there some other
reason?”
The
camera panned in for a close up of Richard, “That is far too
personal. It is far too painful for me to answer.”
“I am sorry. But many of our viewers are interested in Richard
Nathan the man. I take it from your answer that you would like to
have children.”
“Off course we would like to have children. But we can’t.”
Richard’s eyes watered as he wiped his eyes.
Rosemary
burst out, “Leave the poor man alone. He’s upset. Leave him
alone.”
The
interviewer knew when he was onto a good story. “Is there a reason
you can’t have children?”
“This has gone far enough,” said Richard. “I will not answer
any more questions.”
“Thank you Mister Nathan,” said the interviewer as the
television cut to an advertisement.
“That poor man,” said Rosemary. “Why do they do that? They
could see how upset he was. They should leave him
alone.”
Mike
switched the television off with the remote control and walked over
and sat next to Rosemary. “Do you think you should tell that poor
man that he has a son?” he said.

Rosemary’s heart seemed to stop as she stared into Mike’s
eyes. “What are you talking about?” she said slowly.
‘We both know that Martin is his son. I think you should tell
him he has a son.”
Rosemary
felt the tears rush. Then Mike took her in his arms as she cried on
his shoulder.
“How did you know?” she sobbed.
“I’ve always known. I received a phone call from one of your
workmates. She told me about how you skipped most of the seminar to
be with Richard.”
“Why didn’t you say something?”
“I nearly did. I was going to race home from work to confront
you when my father rang. You know how close I was to my father
before he died. He persuaded me to go and see him first. We
discussed it for two hours. He reminded me about my stupid
behaviour when I was having trouble at work. He told me that I had
almost driven you away from me. He said that if I did confront you
I did would risk losing you.”
“It must have been terrible for you.”
‘It was in the beginning. I decided not to say anything to
you. I thought I would wait and see how it all went. Then as the
years went on Martin turned out to be the sort of son every man
dreams about. Then the girls came along and it all seemed to be so
irrelevant.”
“Oh! Mike. I should have known better. I thought when you
found out our marriage would be over. I thought I had got away with
the deception. I knew as soon as I came home that I loved you and
wanted to be with you.”
“Our marriage might have been over if my father had not
intervened. I was upset.”
“You had a right to be.”
“What now? Richard has the right to know that he has a son.
Martin should know who his real father is.”
“You will always be Martin’s real father,” said Rosemary
quickly. “We have dealt with it. How will it help Richard and
Martin to know the truth?”


“I always thought it didn’t make any difference, until I saw
Richard’s face on TV tonight. I think he should know. I felt sorry
for him.”
“What about Martin?”
“I think he would like to know. He’s twenty-nine now and
should be able to handle it. You know Martin is very like Richard.
His Internet service company is going well. It’s strange that they
are both in communications.”
Rosemary
crossed to the telephone and looked up Richard’s telephone number
and picked up the phone.
Evil in the City




The Old
Man.


The
summer sun scorched all it touched as the grey haired man walked
slowly along the dirt road after collecting his pension in the opal
town of Andamooka. Old Sid had a sugar bag thrown over his
shoulder. He adjusted his battered army hat to keep out the
sun.
Stopping
in the shade of a shop front to rest, he rolled a smoke from his
tobacco pouch. Nothing moved in the town except rising wisps of
dust, and heat haze sheeting into the air like fairy
mist.
The
townspeople huddled in their houses like mice in their holes as
they waited for the heat to subside. They talked about Sid and made
up lies to scare their children. Let them slur him, he didn’t care.
He had his life and they had theirs, as long as they left him
alone.
He lit
his smoke and noticed two boys riding towards him on their bikes.
These boys were trouble—he’d encountered them before. They yelled
at him in unison, ‘Dirty, dirty. Sid’s a dirty old man.’
He
ignored them and tried to walk away. The boys moved closer and one
of them yelled. ‘Dirty, dirty. Sid’s a dirty old man and a
liar.’
Sid ran
out onto the track and swung his sugar bag filled with shopping at
the boys. ‘Go away,’ he yelled. The boys quickly moved out of Sid’s
reach laughing at his feeble efforts.
The old
man felt relief when he heard a yell. ‘Leave him alone.’ A group of
children walked down the street, he’d seen them before but had
never spoken to them. The lead boy had a stone in his hand. ‘Leave
him alone, or you’ll cop this rock.’
‘Only having fun, Brett.’
‘The poor bugger’s scared. Leave him alone.’
‘You’ll keep. I’ll get you at school tomorrow.’
‘Yeah, you and what army,’ said Brett as the children gathered
around.
The boys
on the bikes road off yelling, ‘Brett likes dirty old
men.’
‘A girl yelled, ‘Wash your mouth out with soap.’
‘You okay, Sid? Did they hurt ya?’
‘No. Thank you for your help. How did you know my
name?’
‘Everyone knows your name. We’d better walk ya home, in case
they come back.’
‘That’s kind of you. I’ve coke in the fridge. Would you all
like a drink?’
‘Yeah, reckon we would,’ said Brett. The children followed as
Sid moved off into the blazing sun.
‘What are your names?’ asked Sid.
Brett
looked about ten and older than the rest, he said, ‘I'm Brett, this
ere's Colin, that’s Tracy and Julie. The little bugger on the end
is me brother. ‘Is name’s Gerald, but we call ‘im
Shorty.’
'I'm
going to tell Mum,' said Gerald. 'You're not allowed to call me
Shorty'
‘Are you all one family?’ asked Sid.
‘Colin an’ Julie are brother and sister. Tracy lives near
us.’
‘You all walk to school together?’
‘Yeah. We’re all friends,’ said Brett.
‘It’s nice to have friends,’ said Sid.
They fell
silent as they battled the heat and the hill leading to Sid’s small
asbestos shack with an iron roof, similar to other houses in the
town. The yard was bare earth, and it was a relief to enter the
neat and tidy house out of the direct sunlight. It was not much
cooler inside. The open door to a room revealed books and
papers.
Sid led
them into the kitchen, took a bottle of coke from the fridge, and
poured them a drink. Gerald looked up and said, ‘Are you a hunard
years old?’
‘No Gerald. I’m about twenty years short. That’s old
enough.’
‘Why do you speak with such a toffy voice,’ asked
Tracy.
‘That’s the way I was taught.’
‘Are yuh a miner?’ asked Colin.
‘I’ve done some noodling, but mostly I write.’
‘My Mum told me to stay away from you,’ said Julie.
‘That’s a pity,’ said Sid. ‘I love to have company. You’re
welcome here any time.’
He
remembered the crying little lost girl. She couldn’t find her
mother. Sid took her hand and calmed her as he led her towards the
police station. Then the screams as the mother accused him of
kidnapping her. The policeman interviewed him. Sid felt the copper
didn't believe him. Let them believe what they wanted. He couldn’t
care less. Except now, he wanted the children to like
him.
‘Were yuh in the war?’ asked Brett.
‘I was at Tobruk, El Alamein and later in New
Guinea.’
‘Did ya like it?’
‘Hated it—the worst time of my life.’
‘Did ya kill anyone?’
Sid
ignored the question. 'Tell me—what do they teach you at
school?’
‘Same old stuff,’ said Brett, ‘English, maths, history,
geography.’
‘That’s important. Do you know what the lessons of history
show us?’
The
children stayed silent.
‘Revenge has started most the wars in the world. Someone does
something to someone they don’t like. The wronged person takes
revenge. Then the original person responds to the revenge, and it
goes on until there is hatred and no one knows why. It all
escalates into utter madness, leading to a killing
spree.’
‘But if someone throws a rock at me, I have to throw one back
an’ get ‘him,’ said Brett.
‘You have to defend yourself from the attack. However, don’t
take it any further, or it's revenge.’
‘You reckon, there wouldn’t be any wars.’
‘You can teach the world. If you did you'd be the greatest
hero the world has ever known.’
‘Jees, yuh reckon,’ said Colin.
“We ‘ave to go,’ said Brett. ‘Mum will wonder where we
are.’
‘Come back anytime,’ said Sid. 'I always have a coke in the
fridge.’
‘Can we come back tomorrow?’ Gerald blurted out.
‘Of course.’
The
children chattered as they left and Sid closed the door and cleared
away the glasses. He smiled as he remembered little
Gerald.
He
wondered what his grand children were like. He would love to see
him. If he contacted them, their parents would put him in a home
for old people. Perhaps he would have more grandchildren. It had
been ten years, since he had contact with his family. He had a son
and two daughters and had argued with them after his wife died.
After drawing all his money from the bank, he left Melbourne and
ended up in Andamooka. They probably thought he was
dead.


The next
day the children came back and knocked on his door. ‘Come in,’ said
Sid. ‘The coke’s in the fridge: the glasses are on the table. Brett
you and Tracy pour the drinks.’
‘Tell us about the war?’ asked Colin.
“There’s not much to tell. I was sick with malaria after the
war. I don’t like to think about it.’
‘Were you brave? Were you a hero? Did you get
medals?’
‘No heroes in the war. Just men who did what they had to. Too
many were killed.’
Colin
looked disappointed. ‘That’s all in the past,’ said Sid. ‘I want to
talk about the future. You kids will be going into new exciting
times. Do you know where most improvements will come
from?’
‘Computers and stuff,’ said Tracy.
‘Yes they will improve. The most important improvements will
be in interpersonal relationships.’
‘What’s that?’ asked Tracy.
‘How we get on with each other. If the twentieth century was
about improvement in technology, the twenty-first century will be
about how we all get along. How will the blacks get on with the
whites? How will the rich get on with the poor? How will the
Catholics, Jews, Protestants, Hindus, Moslems, Buddhists and all
the world’s religions get on with each other? How will all the
different cultures in the world get on with each other? How will
all the world’s countries get on? How will men get on with
women?’
‘None of that stuff happens now,’ said Brett. ‘How will we
make it work in the future?’
‘A lot of it will happen, if man learns to deal with revenge.
That’s the starting point. From there, they will deal with the
other things. I think they will, and you kids will be a part of
it.’
‘You a teacher or somethin’? asked Brett.
‘A journalist, now I’m an unpublished writer.’
‘What’s that?’ asked Colin.
‘I’ve written two books about the futility of revenge. I’ve
never shown them to a publisher.’
‘Are yuh gunna?’
‘One day. What do you think kids? Has old Sid told you things
you didn’t know?’
‘Yeah. Thanks Sid,’ said Brett.
‘You’d better go now. I need to lie down for a
while.’


Next
day, a worried Brett knocked on Sid’s door—the boys who tormented
Sid were teasing Brett. He didn’t want to take revenge—he wanted to
knock their blocks off because they deserved it. He knocked
again—no answer.
The
following day, Brett knocked at Sid’s door again—still no answer.
Brett was worried. The blinds were down so he couldn’t see through
the windows. He left and told the policeman something might have
happened to old Sid. Reluctantly, the policeman drove to Sid’s
house with Brett, and forced the door making sure the boy stayed
outside. A few minutes later, the policeman summoned Brett inside
and told him Sid had died. He’d covered him with a blanket and left
him on the bed. Brett covered his nose against the
smell.
‘I have to contact the next of kin. Do you know anything about
him?’
‘No—he was a nice old man.’
'A
depraved dirty old man you mean. I wanted to run him out of
town.'
'He was
nice,' Brett defended.
‘Looks like a trunk here,’ said the officer. The top was stuck
but he forced it open. ‘Jees will you look at this.’
The trunk
contained medals and letters and old army paraphernalia. ‘Holly
Hell! Will you look at that,’ exclaimed the policeman. ‘Do you know
what that medal is son?’
‘No.’
‘It’s the Victoria Cross. It’s the highest award for bravery
in the Army.’ He held the medal reverently in his hands. ‘I didn’t
know we had a war hero living in our midst. The town's going to go
mad with pride. Reckon he'll have the biggest funeral ever. The
Prime Minister always attends funerals of Victoria Cross
winners.’
Evil in the City




Vincent
Jones


To call
Charity Beaumont beautiful doesn't do her justice. The word that
comes to my mind is exquisite. I watch and wonder at what miracle
it would take for her to go out with me. She dresses like a lady
and stands out from the university students with their torn jeans
and inappropriate tee shirts.
I can see
her coming towards me, and I tell myself not to stare.
'Hello,
Vincent,' she says. 'Congratulations, on winning the science prize
again.'
I
couldn't believe it. Charity Beaumont is speaking to me. I wanted
to tell her how much I admired her and now was the perfect
opportunity to ask her out on a date. But, all I said was, 'Thank
you.'
'Vincent,
what will you do when you finish university? 'She smiled at me as
if she was interested. However, I knew she was making
conversation.
'I'm on a
BHP-Billiton scholarship. That means I'll have to work for
them.'
'That's
exciting, you will be well paid.'
'I worked
in their laboratories, in the holidays. I didn't get much, but they
said I'd get a lot more when I graduate. '
'I'm
doing law, and most of it is boring. My father made me do it, but I
can't see me making a career out of it.' I thought if she let me
look after her she wouldn't need a career.
'What
will you do? '
'I'd like
to use my law degree to work with children. Make sure
underprivileged kids get a fair go. I don't expect to be well paid,
but it would be better than fighting for some repulsive company
director in court.'
'I hope
it works out for you. '
She
turned to go and looked back over her shoulder, 'we should have a
drink sometime.'
I almost
ran after her and shouted when, what about now? But she was
gone.
Then,
reality kicked in. Enquiries about my future job prospects told me
she wanted to know about me. No, it wasn't me she was interested
in, but my capacity to earn a high salary.
Then I
almost kicked myself for being so stupid. She wasn't interested in
me, high salary or low salary. That's my trouble – I let my
imagination run away. But at least I had her in my imagination and
had to be content. It was the only way I'd ever have
her.


I saw
Don Roland as he sat at the table nursing a beer. I wondered why he
asked me to meet him at the Green Dragon hotel because he was not
what I would call a friend. In fact, I had no one who I would call
a friend, although some classmates were acquaintances. I bought a
beer at the bar and sat down at the table with Don.
'Hi Don,'
I said. 'What's on your mind? '
He stared
at me for some time, and took a sip of his beer, as if he was
trying to find the words to my query. He placed his beer back on
the table and leaned back and searched my face. 'You're a dark
horse. '
I never
considered myself to be other than open, so it surprised me when he
suggested I kept secrets. Don was what I would consider to be the
tall handsome type, who appealed to women. I was skinny, wore
glasses, nerdy, and the opposite to Don Roland. I racked my brain
and couldn't remember Don speaking to me before. So I was curious
when I received his text to meet me at the hotel.
'Are you
busy tonight? 'Don asked.
'Not
really, but I should study. '
'From
what I hear you don't need to. You're the smartest guy at the
university.'
'Don, I
hardly know you and suddenly I get a request to meet you at the
pub. Now, you want us to do something this evening. What's it all
about? '
'Tiffany
Beaumont wants us to meet at her house. Her parents are
away.'
'Why?
'
'I don't
know, I guess it's not to watch television. '
'I guess
not. '
'Meet me
here at 10 o'clock tonight. '
I nodded
and walked to the bar and finished my drink. I had no idea what
Tiffany wanted to see us about. I mean, Don was such a block-head.
I know he was barely passing his exams. Perhaps she wanted me to
tutor her? But then why would Don be there? I didn't like it when I
couldn't understand something, and I guess the only way to know was
to turn up tonight.
The
meeting earlier today with Tiffany reminded me she wanted to meet
for coffee. But, if that was the case, we would surely go to a
fancy coffee shop for the best caffeine hit. Something was strange,
and maybe Don was setting me up, and Tiffany had no idea what was
happening. But Don wasn't to know Tiffany had spoken with me
earlier today. So maybe it was all above board. The only way to
find out was to go along.


Don
Roland's car was a clapped-out old Nissan, with faded red Duco and
the front seats were covered in a kind of blue towelling. I was
confused why I was sitting in this car with a man I hardly knew. If
we were going to meet Tiffany then I was pleased. I guess that's
why I went along with it. What else could I do? I was in love with
her, and no decent prospect of ever making her my girlfriend. I
knew it was a weakness in my character, but sometimes you have to
go with your weaknesses and hope they turn out for the
best.
'What is
this all about? 'I blurted out.
Don
turned and looked at me, 'It's simple, we’re going to fuck Tiffany
Beaumont.'
He must
have thought I was an imbecile. I stared into his face. His eyes
were constricted in hatred. I found myself disgusted.
'How...?'
'I hope I
don't have to explain it. We take her clothes off and then take
ours off. I hope I don't have to go any further?'
I
pictured ripping off her clothes and taking it in turns in a
vicious rape. I hated the thought of how it would affect
Tiffany.
'We
can't.'
'She'll
love it,' he said.
It was
then I knew I had to stop him. I couldn't imagine anyone violating
Tiffany in that way. I reached over and grabbed the steering
wheel.
'What the
hell, 'Don yelled. 'You'll get us killed. '
The car
veered off the road and I felt the bumps as it careered across the
verge and headed for the cliff with a 50 metre drop to the
reservoir. My instincts told me to get out the car. I rolled out
onto the ground, luckily landing on grass. I felt the pain of the
impact on my shoulder, and felt skin ripping from my
face.
I heard
the car crash through the cliff fence and a splash as it entered
the water.
I sat up
and felt my sore shoulder. It took the impact of my fall. I climbed
to my feet and crossed to the cliff. I couldn't see anything except
ripples on the surface in the moonlight.
It took
me almost a minute, to understand what had happened. The accident
happened because I pulled the steering wheel in response to my
anger at what Don said about raping Tiffany. It meant I was
responsible for Don Roland's death. Of course, I knew it was my
duty to report it to the police. However, logic kicked in and I
realised I was the only one who knew what happened.
I would
report it, but leave out the part where I grabbed the steering
wheel. No one would know I caused the accident.
A car
pulled up, a man and a woman ran to me, 'Jesus mate, you okay? What
happened,' the man inquired.
I stared
at them, but couldn't say anything for a moment. 'He drove off the
road.'
'Oh!
You're hurt,' the woman said.
My hand
went to my face and came away bloody.
'We'll
get you to a hospital, come on get in,' said the man. 'We'll ring
the police on the way.'


The
doctor checked me over, and nurses attended to the wound in my
cheek, and an x-ray on my shoulder showed no damage. The police
interviewed me and I told them my version of what happened. They
were sorry to inconvenience me.


A taxi
dropped me off at Tiffany's house. I knocked on the door. She
opened it and took my hand as she escorted me inside. 'Your face,
what happened? Where is Don? '
I told
her.
'I'm
sorry for Don, but at least you're all right.' For a moment there I
wondered where the tears were for the death of someone who was at
least her friend—even if he was going to rape her, but she wouldn't
know that.
'I was
lucky to get out, Don was driving fast and didn't get time to get
out before it went into the reservoir.'
She moved
towards me and took me in her arms, from the way she hugged me to
her body, I had the feeling of more than a comforting gesture. I
tried to stop my carnal thoughts from intruding however, it was a
lost cause.
She
kissed me on the lips, and we lingered in an embrace. She broke
contact, took my hand, and let me up the stairs and entered her
bedroom. 'Take your clothes off,' she whispered. I complied as she
did the same.
I worried
about my performance. It's true to say my experience was minimal.
However, I felt as if all my dreams had come true. She took my hand
and led me to the bed. I had the impression, she was experienced in
lovemaking. I wondered whether I had elevated her on to too high a
pedestal. However, I didn't care.

Afterwards, she kissed me and proceeded to the bathroom,
where I heard the shower commence. Soon, she returned and dressed
in her nightgown as she signalled me to have a shower.
When I
returned she was sitting on her bed.
I dressed
and sat beside her. We kissed. 'I love having sex, 'she said. 'Don
was my partner for about six months. It was only about
sex.'
I stared
at her, and she smiled. 'Yes, I thought that would surprise you. I
like to give the impression of being a goody two shoes. But I can't
help my passion, and I have to fulfil it and have sex sometimes.
Don was discreet, it suited me.'
So much
for rape, I decided. Don died for nothing.
I didn't
know what to think, she fooled me and most of the people at the
University. I wondered whether I had been selected to fulfil her
desires as a replacement for Don. I didn't see myself as some kind
of sex object. I was confused.
'I knew
it was time to think about the future, 'she explained. 'I selected
you to become my husband in the future, because you will give me
financial security. Also, you'll get better in bed after I show you
what I want.'
'Isn't
marriage supposed to be about love?' I managed to say.
'I'll
make all your dreams come true, we will have a successful marriage,
and I will be by your side as you climb the corporate ladder. I
will be the ideal wife, and you're every sexual desire will be
fulfilled. I'm not the kind of person that needs to love someone.
Although, I know you love me. I must have my desires fulfilled, and
if you can't do it I will seek others, but be discrete.
'
I was
appalled, my Anglo Saxon Christian values had always instilled in
me that marriage was about love. Now, this gorgeous creature, who I
adored, had spilled out another agenda. It felt more like a
business arrangement, than a proposal of marriage.
'As of
today, we will become engaged and be a couple at the University. We
will have sex at every opportunity. Do you agree?'
I knew it
wouldn't work. She would not be faithful to me. But I didn't
care.
Evil in the City




Rain


'We need
bloody rain, Mate,' said Ben.
'How much
brain power did you need to figure that out?' said Mick.
'Just
have to open your eyes. The crops'll die if it doesn't rain
soon.'
'You have
a talent for stating the bleedin' obvious. The TV, the papers, and
everyone you meet is talking about this bloody drought. Reckon you
could come up with something a bit more original.'
Ben bends
down and runs his hand through the dirt on his side of the farm
fence. The small shoots of wheat are struggling to survive. He
stands then looks out at the paddocks. They stretch out towards the
horizon with farmhouses breaking the view of brown earth
interspersed with small shoots of green trying to
survive.
'We
shouldn't have planted,' said Mick. 'If we didn't get some rain
early in the season I wouldn't have borrowed two hundred grand for
seed.'
'You're
no bloody orphan mate. Like I said we need some bloody
rain.'
'Yeah,
you're right. We need some bloody rain.'
'River's
drying up. Been into town lately,' said Ben. 'Can't even go
fishing.'
'This is
the part that pisses me off. Waiting for it to rain. I've fixed
everything around the farm. Maintenance, fences the lot, Nothin' to
bloody do but wait.'
'Come
with me,' said Mick. 'Got a part time job working for the council.
They got one of them federal grants to clean up the river. Doing
our bit for the environment.'
'Nar, not
me. Still got some things to do to get ready for
harvest.'
'If you
have a bloody harvest, you reckon it'll ever rain
again?'
'Yeah,
Mate. 'It'll rain again. It's just a matter of when.'
Mick
shrugged his shoulders. 'Hope you're right, Mate. Hope you're
bloody right.'
'I'm
right. You'll see, I'm right.'
Mick and
Ben walked back to their motorbikes and rode back towards their
respective farmhouses.
It took
three weeks to prove Ben right. Something changed and the Weather
Gods decreed El Nino would affect the oceans off Australia's
coast.
It
rained. It kept raining. At first the farmers were pleased as they
watched the brown earth turn to a darker colour. The wheat turned
darker green and they were satisfied.
But the
rain kept coming. Ben walked outside and shouted at the heavens,'
It's enough. Stop it. You'll wash the bloody crop away.'
When Ben
entered his house again the phone was ringing. It was the frantic
voice of someone from the council. 'The river's rising, the town is
flooding. We need all the help we can get.'
Ben ran
to his utility and drove away. On the way he noticed Mick was
heading to town too.
They
parked their vehicles and ran to where people were desperately
filling sandbags. But it was too late. The river had burst its
banks. The insidious water was filling every low lying area and
rising until it ran down the main street.
There was
nothing to do. The water rose until some of the townspeople sailed
a boat down the street. They went from house to house rescuing
town's people and taking them to higher ground. Ben and Mick stood
in the water that came up to their knees. Still it
rained.
'What
were you saying about the rain?' asked Mick.
'It will
always rain. Just a matter of when,' said Ben
'How do
you bloody stop it?'
'Can't!
We just have to wait.'
'It'll
wash our bloody crops away.'
'Could
do?'
'Think
it's time we went home. No one's going to drown now. The town's
flooded. Nothing we can do here. Time we looked after ourselves,'
said Mick.

'Yeah.'
As the
farmers drove they noticed their windscreen wipers weren't needed.
The rain had stopped.
They both
stopped at Mick's farm fence and looked out at his land. Some of
his crops in lower reaches had washed away where the rain had
formed in rushing streams but except for minor damage eighty
percent of his crop was undamaged.
On Ben's
farm, there was very little damage. 'What about rust?' asked
Mick.
'Could be
a problem. Everything got wet. Not much we can do about this crop.
We'll have to watch it for next year. Have to get all the rust out
of the soil.'
'Reckon I
should try to replant the damaged areas?' asked Mick.
'I
wouldn't. You should concentrate on the crop you have. Pump out any
areas with water pooling around the wheat. At least we'll have a
harvest. Should be able to pay the bills.'
'Yeah,'
said Mick.


Eleven
months later Ben and Mick stood by the same fence they had before.
The crop was in the same state green shoots on the farms as far as
the eye could see.
'Need
some bloody rain, mate,' said Ben.
'You're
stating the bloody obvious again,' said Mick.
'Just
have to open your eyes. The crops'll die if it doesn't rain
soon.'
Evil in the City


THE
AUTHOR
Reece
Pocock was born in Adelaide, South Australia, where she lives with
his wife, Marilyn. After time in the Army in business, he now finds
as much time as possible to write screenplays, adult crime novels
and children’s books.
He has written many short stories and articles that were
published in magazine. His crime story, Murder on Display, was
published by Custom book Publication. The Politics of Murder, a
thriller, was also published by Custom book Publications. Recently,
Amazon had published his children’s book, Melissa Lane Girl
Detective as well as Love and War a series of short stories based
around the 2ND/43rd battalion.
Check
out the links.
   
http://amzn.to/1GpAF6J http://amzn.to/160RjwK http://amzn.to/1SRoQzz http://amzn.to/1Mogxnw


