© Copyright 2005, Wikimedia Foundation Inc. and contributing authors, All rights
reserved. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Document License, version 1.2. A copy of this
is included in the appendix entitled “GNU Free Document License”.
Authors of this book include:
Danny
Angela Beesley
Mkn
Aya
Happenstantially
Raylena
E Kelly Wiggins

Zanimum
Nunh-huh
The bellman
ManuelGR
Bart133
Laura K Fisher
Percival Ross Tiglao

Theresa knott
Lyellin
Naryathegreat
Robert Horning
Goodgerster
John H Burkitt

And many anonymous Wikibooks.org readers
If you wish to be involved the content of this book, please visit the following
internet web address:
http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikijunior_Big_Cats
The content for this book was based on the content of the above Wikibook as of
December 11th, 2005

Table of Contents
Introduction............................................................................................................ 1
The Big Cats.......................................................................................................... 2
Fossil History......................................................................................................... 4
Lions...................................................................................................................... 7
Tigers.................................................................................................................. 10
Pumas................................................................................................................. 13
Cheetah............................................................................................................... 16
Lynx and bobcats................................................................................................ 19
Caracal................................................................................................................ 22
Serval.................................................................................................................. 24
Jaguar................................................................................................................. 26
Ocelot.................................................................................................................. 29
Leopard............................................................................................................... 31
Snow Leopard..................................................................................................... 33
Clouded leopard.................................................................................................. 36
Marbled cat.......................................................................................................... 38
Tigons and Ligers................................................................................................ 40
In danger of extinction......................................................................................... 42
Keeping cats........................................................................................................ 45
Glossary.............................................................................................................. 49
GNU Free Documentation License..................................................................... 51

Introduction
Foreward to Parents
Wikijunior books welcomes you to "Big Cats", a free
children's book from the Wikibooks community. Big
cats are some of Earth's grandest treasures, and their
stories excite the imagination of kids of all ages.
Many of these lords of the wild are endangered, and
the children who will one day shoulder our
responsibilities need to learn to admire and love our
world...their world. After all we appreciate what we
understand, and save what we appreciate. The
importance of this task has led many experts here at
Wiki to donate their time and talents to bring this
volume together. All Wikibooks are free, always.
Wikibooks is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation,
aimed at providing quality reading for adults and
children that is free of charge and always available.
Rocky the rare Barbary Lion
We at Wiki projects are promoting the global spread
of knowledge. Our work embraces the Gandhi Principle of Benevolence:
"Imagine what good could be done if it did not matter who got the ."
Wikibooks promotes the ongoing democritizing of the world by the Internet. Most
traditional publishing houses make the vast majority of their income from reissues of classic books such as Mark Twain's "Tom Sawyer." Of the remaining
titles, the majority of new books are written by authors long track records, "The
author of XYZ." New authors get precious little consideration, and the majority of
those people are already celebrities in another field. The chances of a truly good
new work being published solely on the basis of skyrocket when you overturn
the traditional business model and tap the wellspring of new talent out there.
this project we have reached a crossroad between the book of yesterday, and
the encyclopedia of everything for tommorow. Simply by reading this book--and
hopefully telling your friends--you have advanced the cause of free , the cause of
access for all, the cause of new publishing, and the cause of Wikibooks. Thank
you, and welcome.

Page 1

The Big Cats
In Africa, they say that a male lion roars Ha inchi na
yanni? Yangu, yangu, yangu! (Whose land is this? It
is mine, mine, mine!). It is hard to listen to this
ancient challenge without edging a little closer to the
campfire. But what is behind that remarkable call?
Certainly, to some degree, cats are cats around the
world. You look at one of the neighborhood tabbies
stalking a squirrel and you can see in miniature a
tiger stalking deer on the meadows of
Rhanthambore. And yet partly because they are so
majestic these big cats are different from the
neighbor's feline. For one thing they are the lords of
their kingdom and travel confidence where small
creatures scurry and hide. For many years, all they
had to fear was each other, but the invention of
An African lioness surveys her
gunpowder threatened to destroy this kingdom and
domain
send its feline lords to extinction. Fortunately there
are more people like you that see big cats more as a
companion to be admired rather than an enemy to be destroyed. Learn more
about these great cats and their remarkable world. After all, we appreciate what
we understand, and save what we appreciate.

Superb Predators
Big cats are among nature's grandest predators. A grizzly bear may have a slight
size advantage over a siberian tiger, but the tiger is far more agile and quick. A
wolf may have a better sense of smell than a jaguar, but a jaguar can handle
large prey alone. Cats have excellent night vision, sharp hearing and enormous
physical strength. Their strong yet graceful movements and camoflage colors
help them sneak up on their prey.

On the Menu
Cats hunt because they need to survive. Animals that eat grass and leaves have
special stomachs that allow bacteria time to break down complex plant sugars
into the simpler sugars animals can digest. Cats have a very short digestive tract
that quickly breaks down and extracts its energy and building materials. Cats
cannot survive on a of grass.

Page 2

Intelligence
Big cats are among the most intelligent species on Earth. In intelligence they are
ranked just behind primates (monkeys and apes) and cetaceans (whales and
dolphins). Lions use group strategies to tackle large and dangerous prey. All cats
are very curious and can learn quickly. Large predators require intelligence to be
successful as hunters. Mother cats spend a long time (one to two years)
teaching their offspring the many things they need to know in order to survive.

Found Everywhere But Safe Nowhere
Big cats are found on all continents but Australia and Antarctica. And yet
everywhere they are found, they are endangered. Big cats are often hunted for
their fur or . They are also killed by people who want the animals that big cats
hunt. Still other people hunt big cats for sport. Just as bad, the healthy
environment that big cats need to survive is not being treated the respect it
deserves. To keep these superb predators in the world our children and
grandchildren will live in, we must learn to make room for other living things to
use Earth's limited resources.

Page 3

Fossil History
How carnivores are related

Proailurus, common ancestor of
the Family Felidae.

All living -eaters, or carnivores, are related to each
other. They are descended from an ancient ancestor
Miacis, a small -eating weasel-like tree climber which
lived during the early to late Eocene period in North
America, and the late Eocene period of Europe and
Asia. (The Eocene was a time that began 58 million
years ago and ended 36 million years ago.) It had a
larger brain capacity than other carnivores of its day,
which was probably why it is the father of all modern
carnivores.

Order Carnivora (mammals that are carnivores) are divided into several groups
of closely related animals that are called families. Big cats are obviously in the
cat family (Family Felidae).

How old is Family Felidae?
The fossil record of Family Felidae extends to the Late Eocene, 34 million years
ago. If each of those years lasted a second, about the time it takes you to say "A
thousand and one", the Cat Family would have been around for roughly one year
and five weeks. By comparison, the Great Pyramid at Giza would have been
around for only 83 minutes, and the Internet for less than 12 seconds (as of
2005). The first known feline was Aelurogale. Its descendent, Proailurus, gave
rise to the major branches of the cat family we see today as well as the two
sabre-toothed cat lines. Proailurus lived in Europe from 30-20 million years ago.

Page 4

Note about scientific names
Today, English is most widespread language of science. In the late 1700s Latin,
the language spoken in Ancient Rome, was the language used by scientists from
different countries to about their work. Even in one language like English the
same animal might have many different names. Pumas, cougars and mountain
lions are all the same animal. Animals also have names in other languages like
Russian, Greek and French. To cut down on confusion, all scientists in the world
agreed on one scientific name for each animal that came from Latin. Ancient
animals that are known only from fossils never had common names. Actually,
some early humans drew pictures of mammoths, mastodons, and European
cave lions, but their names for these animals vanished long ago. That's why
many fossil big cats have an odd scientific name like Miraconyx inexpectatus but
no short, graceful name like Cheetah.

Notable fossil cats
•

•

Smilodon - Smilodon fatalis and others - Often
called the "Sabre-toothed Tiger" though it is
not a tiger, and "Sabre-toothed Cat" though it
was not the only line of cats sabre teeth. The
most widely recognized of the fossil cats, it
lived in North and South America from 3 million
to 10,000 years ago. A fully grown Smilodon
weighed about 450 pounds (203 kg) and had
fangs 7 inches (17 cm) long that were used to
Ancient painting showing cave
subdue its large prey.
lions in France
The American Lion - Panthera atrox - It lived
from 25,000 years ago to 10,000 years ago in North America. In life, this
cat was about 1/4 larger than the African lion, even bigger than the
Siberian tiger. The average male at 11.5 (3.5 m) in length would have
averaged about 520 pounds (235 kg). Females were smaller, averaging
about 385 pounds (175 kg). Fossil evidence indicates it had the most
highly developed brain of any known cat.

•

The Eurasian Cave Lion - Panthera spelaea - It lived from 30,000 years
ago to 10,000 years ago from as far as England to as far as Siberia. The
largest cat that ever lived, it was 25% larger than the African lion and even
bigger than the American Lion. Ancient cave paintings and carvings
indicate this cat had faint stripes, a hint of a mane in some males, tufted
tails, and protruding ears.

•

Miracinonyx - Miracinonyx trumani and others - Sometimes referred to as
the "American Cheetah," it is remarkably cheetah like and relied upon the
same sprinting tactic to overtake its prey. It is thought to have a common
Page 5

ancestor the Puma. Miracinonyx lived from 3 million to 10,000 years ago
in the prairies and open plains of North America where it specialized in
hunting newly-evolved swift herbivores such as the Pronghorn.

Cats and humans in history
For many years the domestic cat was described as a separate species from all
other cats, Felis catus. It is now thought to be a subspecies (slight variation) of
the Wildcat (Felis sylvestris) and is given the name Felis sylvestris catus.
Archeological evidence shows a relationship between man and cat for the past
8,000 years. The most unusual relationship existed among the Ancient Egyptians
who considered cats as children of the goddess Bast.
When a cat , family members showed grief by
shaving off their eyebrows, and cats were routinely
mummified and laid to great reverence.
Certain other cats have been over the years for
different reasons, but these relationships have never
been maintained long enough to result in true
domestication. The proper term for cats such as lions
or cheetahs that accept human companionship is
"human socialized". This indicates that these animals
still possess their entire range of wild instincts, which
makes properly and safely handling them more of a
challenge. There are paintings and engravings of
ancient rulers big cats seated near their throne.
Many people cheetahs for hunting swift prey.
Certain fossil species such as Smilodon, the Cave
Ancient Egyptian statue of a cat
Lion and the American Lion were hunted by early
humans, who may have contributed to their extinction. Hopefully no future
scholars will find us responsible for the disappearance of more splendid animals.

Page 6

Lions
The majestic lion is the embodiment of wild Africa. They are large, bold and
ruggedly beautiful, fierce on the hunt, and still tender to their young and loyal to
their companions. You wouldn't want to get too close, though, as lions are one of
the four kinds of cats that can deliver an ear-shattering roar!

Where do lions live?
The nickname "King of the Jungle", most lions live on
the flat, grassy savannas in the African countries of
Kenya, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and
Zimbabwe. A few do remain in the Gir Forest of India.
A long time ago, lions lived nearly all around the
world. They even lived in North Africa and parts of
Europe.

What do lions look like?

Places where lions live are
colored green.

Lions have tawny (sand-colored) fur. They grow to a
length of about 10 (3 m) and stand about 4 (1.2 m)
tall. Male lions are larger than the lionesses
(females), weighing as much as five men or about
550 lb (250 kg). The more slender lioness usually
weighs about as much as three and a half men or 400
lb (180 kg).
Adult males can also be recognized by the furry mane
around their heads and down their necks. For some
lions the mane even runs along the belly. There is no
other big cat such a dramatic difference in
appearance between males and females.
Both lions and lionesses have tufts on the end of their
tails, something no other cat has. If you can ever get
close enough to the tail of a male lion, you will feel a
A lioness
sharp bone tucked into the tail tuft. One old legend
claims that lions would use the tail spur to whip themselves into a frenzy before
fighting.

Page 7

What do lions eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Lions eat zebras, gazelles, wild pigs and other large prey that can be easily
shared their friends. By working together in hunting groups, they can hunt even
larger animals like giraffes and elephants. When food becomes scarce, lions will
sometimes scavenge the kills of other predators.
The females usually group together to do most of the
hunting. The males' main is to protect the pride from
takeover by outsiders. He is not lazy, at least by lion
standards. His bulk and large mane make him a
much better defender than hunter. On occasion, male
lions will charge prey to chase them towards a hidden
group of females. But no matter who actually kills the A lioness tries to move a buffalo
prey, the males eat first, followed by the females and
last of all the young.
Rogue males (those not living in a pride) either hunt alone or join in partnerships
other rogues. Rogues depend more on scavenging food killed by others. They
use their superior fighting skills to drive off smaller predators like hyenas and
jackals. These pride-less males take no pride in the kind of food they eat.

How do lions raise their young?
Lions can have litters ranging from one to four cubs
year round. Lion cubs are born spotted fur, which
helps protect them as they hide alone in the grass
while their mother hunts. The spots are soon lost,
although some lions may always have a few spots on
their legs.
The cubs are raised in prides which are family groups
of related female lions, their cubs, and an unrelated
male, who fathers the cubs. Lions are the only big cat in which adult males and
females live together all year. Often more than one litter of lion cubs is born to a
pride in a short time. Then the mothers share the of
caring for the young, strengthening the bonds that
hold the pride together.
A lioness cubs

Young male lions leave their pride when they grow up
although every now and then one takes over his own
pride instead. Those who leave become rogue males
and may partner up other rogues. Having a partner
makes it easier for a lion to survive and eventually
Two juvenile lions still have
win a pride of his own. This shuffling around of male
their cub spots
Page 8

lions makes sure that new cubs are healthy. It also ensures that the strongest,
smartest males father the most cubs and pass those superior qualities on to the
generation.

Fun facts
•
•
•
•

•
•

The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no
two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
Lions say hello by rubbing cheeks.
Lions say goodbye by tugging on each other's
A male lion has a mane of long
stomachs their teeth.
fur around his face
The lion is the loudest of the big cats. A male
lion's roar can be heard from up to five miles
(eight kilometers) away.
Lions normally walk 2.4 mph (4 km/h), but can run up to 35 mph (60
km/h). They can also leap distances of up to 36 (12 m).
Lions are the only kind of big cat that live in a social structure.

Classification
Lions are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and have the scientific name
Panthera leo.

For more information
•
•
•

Wikipedia: Lion
http://www.sandiegozoo.org/animalbytes/t-lion.html - hear the sound of a
roaring lion.
http://www.tigertouch.org/barbary/index.html - learn about the rare Barbary
lions of North Africa.

Page 9

Tigers
The speed and agility give the tiger the title of top
predator over the larger but slower grizzly bear. A
well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not
well), swim, leap great distances and pull five times
the force of a strong human. The tiger is the largest
and most powerful cat. The tiger is in the same group
(Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars.
A Bengal tiger
Those four cats are the only ones who can roar.

Where do tigers live?
They live in forests and grasslands of eastern and
southeastern Asia. Tigers live in countries such as
Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Nepal, Cambodia,
Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam,
Indonesia (Java and Sumatra), and eastern Russia.
The Bengal Tiger is the national animal of India.

Places where tigers live are
marked in dark green

What do tigers look like?
Tigers are usually orange or reddish orange very
bold black stripes, and areas on the chest, neck and
inside of the legs. Their stripes help them camouflage
into the trees and shrubs keeps them from being
seen by other animals. A few tigers, all of them
descendents of tigers that lived in India, are black
stripes. This bright color variation never became
common in nature because it makes it harder for
tigers to hide from their prey.
•
•
•
•
•
•

Head/body length: 5 10 inches - 9 1 inch. A large tiger might be 10 (3
meters) long
Tail length: 36 inches (91 cm)
Weight: 350-550 pounds (160-250 kg)
Very strong teeth and jaws
Heavily padded paws
Colors: , or bright fawn – reddish tan, getting lighter and eventually to
Page 10

•
•
•

underneath
Uneven black stripes all over them which vary each individual tiger.
Strong jaws
Short and thick fur and thick long whiskers.

What do tigers eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Tigers mostly eat planteaters, or herbivores,
like elk, deer, wild pigs,
and buffalo. Like the
majority of other cats,
they hunt alone. Tigers
A Siberian tiger chasing a deer
often hide close to the
ground and for the
perfect moment to ambush their prey.
People avoid tiger attacks by using a face-mask on
the back of their heads. Tigers think twice about
pouncing when they can see a face, since they
usually attack from behind. Fortunately, they rarely
attack humans unless they are too ill to hunt their
normal prey.

Tigers have very strong jaws

How do tigers raise their young?

A tiger cub explores the world

Tigers have 1-5 cubs per litter, an average of 2-3.
After 8 weeks of age the cubs begin to join the
mother for hunting. They usually have learned how to
successfully kill prey by the age of 6 months but are
not ready for independence until 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 years
of age. The father plays no role in their upbringing,
though there are occasionally reports of male tigers
socializing their mates and cubs outside the breeding
season.

Fun facts
Tigers are striped through and through. If you were to shave a tiger, and few
ever have, you would see the stripes on the skin. Note, please do not try this at
home.

Page 11

Classification
Tigers are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae,
and have the scientific name Panthera tigris.

For more information
•
•

Tigers love water

Wikipedia: Tiger
Save the Tiger Fund

Page 12

Pumas
According to an old Mayan legend, all the animals of
the jungle once looked the same until the gods
offered to make them look different. The jaguar
asked, "Let me be spangled stars," and it was so. He
was pleased his gift and showed it to the puma. Not
to be outdone, the puma asked the gods that he be
as splendid as the jaguar, and it was so. Pleased
A puma hiding behind a rock
himself the puma out to hunt. Unfortunately, he fell
and rolled in the dust which clinged to his still-wet
design. For this foolishness he and all pumas thereafter through life the color of
the earth.
The Puma is a large cat that is sometimes called a "mountain lion", though it is
more closely related to the smaller cats. Like smaller cats, pumas cannot roar
though they can muster a very startling snarl or a piercing cry. In some places,
these cats are also called cougars, catamounts, painted cats, or painters.
Scientists call them is Puma concolor.

Where do pumas live?
Pumas are widely spread in North, Central and South
America. They can be seen in a variety of habitats
from desert to forest all the way from northern British
Columbia in the north to the Southern end of the
Andes mountain range. Pumas were driven out of the
eastern half of North America by human pressure; a
small population remains in Florida and occasionally
there are puma sightings in other eastern states.

What do pumas look like?

A mountain lion in Arizona

Places pumas live are colored
green

Most pumas are a light brown color, black-tipped
ears and tail. The pumas that live closest to the
Equator are the smallest, and increase in size in
populations closer to the poles. (This sort of size
increase is seen in tigers too. The smallest ones live
in the tropics, the largest Siberian tigers live far to the
north where winters are very cold.) The endangered
Florida Panther is the smallest of the Pumas. Like
many other cats, they can retract their sharp claws
into their paws, which have four toes. The largest
Page 13

male pumas can be as big as eight (2.4 meters) long, and females can be as
large as seven (2.1 meters). The males weigh in a bit less than the average
Adult at about 150 pounds (70 kilograms), females weighing even smaller at 75
pounds (35 kilograms) or less.
Although pumas do not have a bright pattern, there are distinct black "tearstains"
on their upper lips and a vivid fur around the mouth that emphasizes facial
expressions. Although cougars cannot roar, when they growl their "business end"
looks rather intimidating, helped along by the markings.

What do pumas eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Pumas mostly eat large animals like deer. Because
the puma can run very fast, as much as 30 mph (50
km/h), and because they can jump 20 ft (6 m)
forward from a standing position, they can very easily
catch slower animals. Pumas can jump 8 ft (2.5 m)
straight up and can climb on rocks and in trees to
hunt. Their is very strong, much stronger than a
"That's close enough, partner!"
strong dog's , and their largest teeth are about twice
the size of a large dog's teeth.
Pumas have a very powerful hunting instinct, and have sometimes been known
to chase and catch humans on bicycles. A favorite food for pumas is the deer,
but they will also eat smaller animals. In areas where pumas and people live
close together, pumas have hunted dogs and cats for food, but they usually do
not hunt people for food. If you are around a puma, it is better not to run fast or
to ride a bicycle, because their instinct is to chase, catch and kill running
animals.
On January 8, 2004 a puma killed and partly ate a mountain biker in Whiting
Ranch Wilderness Park, in Orange County, California, but attacks on humans
are rare.

Stay safe around pumas
These are good safety ideas for areas where pumas live:
•

Do not hike alone, instead, stay together in groups an adult.

•

If you see a puma, do not run, because their instinct might make them
chase you. Instead, stand and face the animal, and look into its eyes.

•

Do not turn away from the puma; do not crouch down or do anything that
would make you seem like an animal. If you or someone in your group is
attacked, fight back by throwing stones, hitting or kicking. Pumas have
been chased away by using rocks, sticks, garden tools and bare hands.
Page 14

The place to hit a puma is on the nose.
•

Watch around you when in an area where pumas might be. Like other
cats, they like to spring out from a hiding place and attack their prey from
behind.

•

Don't go hiking your pet, because any animal can make a puma want to
chase and kill it, because of the "chase reflex" that pumas have. Also, the
puma might be attracted by your pet's food.

How do pumas raise their young?
Pumas are born in litters of 2-4 kittens and raised by
their mothers. When they are born they weigh about
one pound (about half a kilogram) and are about one
foot (30 cm) in length. The kittens have dark spots
that fade by the time they are 8-12 months old. The
mother teaches them to hunt, and when they are a
year and a half to two years old (and have their adult
Mountain lion kittens
teeth) the kittens separate from their mother and find
their own territory, though the siblings might stay
together for a while after they separate from their mother.

Fun facts
Female pumas call to potential mates a piercing cry that sounds much like a
woman's scream. Every year some panicked people call the police to report an
"attack" in progress.

Classification
Pumas are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and have the scientific name
Puma concolor.

For more information
•

Wikipedia: Puma

Page 15

Cheetah
Cheetahs are built for speed, a whiplike spine, long
legs, and a long tail that acts as a rudder for sudden
turns. They are the world's fastest land animal, able
to sprint up to 70 miles per hour (110 kph) for short
distances in pursuit of prey. For this reason, and
because they bond well humans, cheetahs used to
be raised in captivity for catching wild game. They are
still sometimes known as Hunting Leopards.
A swift cheetah in flight

Where do cheetahs live?
Today, most cheetahs that are found in sub-Saharan
Africa, though a few are still seen in Iran. In the past,
they used to be found throughout northern India and
Iran. They prefer to live in -deserts, savannas,
prairies, and thick brush. Because they rely upon
speed to hunt, they avoid dense forests.

Places where cheetahs live are
colored green.

What do cheetahs look like?
Cheetahs are rather doglike medium-sized spotted
cats long legs and slender but muscular, bodies.
They have a belly and a dark stripe that looks like a
tear on both sides of their face. In contrast to
leopards, which have palmette shaped spots, the
cheetahs have round dark spots on their fur. Adult
cheetahs weigh from 90 to 140 pounds (40-65 kg),
Two cheetahs together
and are around 4 to 5 (112-135 cm) in length.
Cheetahs are built to do what they do : Run. They
have a big chest, a narrow waist, and powerful muscles in their hind legs. They
have a small head and muzzle, large nostrils for increased oxygen intake, and
small round ears. All of this makes the cheetah very sleek and aerodynamic
when it runs.

Page 16

What do they eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Cheetahs mostly eat mammals like gazelles, impala, gnu calves, and hares,
which are all about the same size as, or smaller than, an adult cheetah.
Cheetahs stalk their prey until they are closer than about thirty meters from each
other, and then give chase. The chase is usually over in less than a minute and if
the cheetah doesn't catch its prey quickly it will often give up rather than waste
energy. This is because cheetahs use a lot of energy when chasing prey at such
high speed. About half of the chases are successful.
Cheetahs must eat their catch quickly or risk losing their food to other stronger
predators. Cheetahs will not fight a larger animal over food because they can't
risk an injury which would mean certain starvation.
Cheetahs are well-adapted to living in arid environments. In the Kalahari desert,
have been estimated to travel an average of 82 km between drinks of water.
They were seen getting their water from the blood or urine of their prey, or by
eating tsama melons.

How do cheetahs raise their young?
Females give birth to three to five cubs at a time.
Many cubs are killed by a lack of food or their natural
enemies (lions and hyenas). An old African legend
says the tear stain marks on the cheetah's face are
from the mother weeping for her lost cubs. The
mother cheetah must train the young cubs to hunt
food for themselves so they can survive on their own.
The cubs leave their mother about one or two years
A family of Cheetahs
later, and will usually live in groups of two or three
while reaching adulthood. Female cheetahs
eventually go their separte ways, but brother cheetahs usually form lifelong
partnerships and share in the hunt to survive.

Fun facts
See how much you know about the world's fastest land mammal:
•
•
•

After a full-speed rush, a cheetah must at least 15 minutes before running
again.
Cheetahs do not roar, but they make a number of very un-catlike sounds,
many of which resemble bird chirps.
Cheetahs were leopards before leopards were. The word "leopard" is latin
for a cross between a lion and an African leopard, something cheetahs
Page 17

were once thought to be. The name outlived the theory, and now is used
for the wrong cat.

Classification
Cheetahs are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae,
and have the scientific name Acinonyx jubatus.

For more information
A Cheetah in Kenya
•

Wikipedia: Cheetah

Page 18

Lynx and bobcats
These odd-shaped, ruff-faced cats are not as lordly as the
lion or powerful as the tiger. They are mid-sized
predators, too big to bother mice and too small to tackle
a healthy adult deer. But they do one job rather well-keeping rabbits in control. their long legs and short tails,
they are superbly equipped to tackle anything from a tiny A bobcat
cottontail to a huge snowshoe hare.

Where do lynx live?
The four species of lynx are very widespread. The European Lynx lives in
northern Europe and Asia. The Canadian Lynx lives in North America. The
Iberian (or Spanish) Lynx is one of the most highly endangered cats and only
lives in wild parts of Spain. Bobcats are the smallest type of lynx, living in North
America. Because they hunt small prey, they live in a wide variety of habitats.

What do lynx look like?
LYNX
•
•
•

Body Weight: Males 40 pounds (18 kg) or more,
females weigh 18 to 30 pounds (8–14 kg).
Height: 30 to 42 in (74 to 107 cm)
Life Span: Around 15 years

BOBCAT
•
•
•

Body Weight: Males 16 to 28 pounds (7 to 13 kg),
females weigh 10 to 18 pounds (5 to 8 kg).
Height: 17 to 23 in (43 to 58 cm)
Life Span: Around 13 years.

A lynx

Not all lynx look the same. Some of them have dark spots, while others have
plain yellow or gray fur. All of them have bellies. Lynx have long hairs at the tops
of their ears, and a beard around their jaw. A bobcat is much smaller than a
regular lynx, lacks the distinctive ear tufts, and looks more like a big house cat.
They have smaller and shorter legs compared to other lynx, and almost always
have spots. The most unique part on the lynx and bobcat is their tail. The bobcat
was named after its tail, because it is "bobbed" or short. Their tails are about half
the length of a normal house cat's tail. None of the other big cats have this
unique trait.

Page 19

What do lynx and bobcats eat, and how do they
catch their prey?
Lynx eat mainly arctic hares (a large member of the
rabbit family). They sometimes eat squirrels,
ptarmigan (birds that look like large pigeons), and
grouse (which look like fancy chickens).
Bobcats eat smaller animals like squirrels, rabbits,
and mice. Their odd shape long legs, a short neck
and short tail, is an adaptation to hunting prey that
A lynx hunting
must be captured a sudden burst of speed and a
killing pounce. In order to catch their prey, they must first sneak up as carefully
and close as they can (stalking), and only make a final rushing attack when the
prey makes a run for it. Obviously the closer they can approach before the run,
the greater their chances of success.
They can't eat more than three pounds of at a time.

How do lynx and bobcats raise their young?
Lynx have three to five cubs, while bobcats usually
have three cubs. No male lynxes help raise their
offspring. This may sound selfish, but it is not. In the
animal world, the sole responsibility for finding food
for the young rests upon the female. Lynx and many
other carnivores would be too noisy hunting in pairs,
and thus they would have less of a chance to catch
their prey.

Two lynx kittens playing

Lynx are born from May to June or as late as July, the time of the year when
prey is most abundant. Bobcats are usually born in April or May. Before winter
closes in, the female must begin teaching the young how to survive on their own.
Rabbits have sensitive hearing, and the mother must teach her naturally
boisterous, playful cubs to use patience and stealth to get close enough to the
rabbits for a good charge. Not all hunts will be successful, even when the young
are skilled hunters. In fact, one common prey species for lynx, the Arctic Hare,
has a secret weapon. Every year when the snow melts on the Arctic tundra
(swampy grasslands) the timid animal sheds its winter coat for a new crop of
brown fur. This does not happen all at once, so while the hare still has patches of
, it still matches the surroundings where of snow still linger on the ground. By
staying perfectly still, these hares often accomplish a great deal more than by
running away. Lynx learn how to outwit their prey by watching their mother. The
young tend to leave their mother at 10 months of age, and from the same litter
may remain together for a while before they go their separate ways. Adult lynx
are mostly solitary.
Page 20

Fun facts
•
•

Some bobcats like to sing and will amuse themselves imitating the sounds
of other animals.
To show their toughness, people used to claim that, in a fight, they could
triumph over their "weight in bobcats". However, bobcat experts would not
believe this claim for a moment.

Classification
Lynx and bobcats are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and have the
scientific names:
•
•
•
•

Canadian Lynx - Lynx canadensis
European Lynx - Lynx lynx
Iberian Lynx - Lynx pardalis
Bobcat - Lynx rufus

For more information
•
•

Wikipedia: Lynx
Wikipedia: Bobcat

Page 21

Caracal
The Caracal, also called Persian lynx or "African
lynx", is a medium-sized wild cat. The caracal
resembles a lynx and is related. Caracals are labeled
as small cats but are the heaviest of all small cats as
well as the fastest.

Where do caracals live?

Slanted eyes and long black ear
tufts give the caracal a
distinctive look

Caracals are distributed over Africa and Asia. Their
habitat is dry steppes and -deserts, but also
woodlands, savanna, and scrub forest. They are solitary, or paired, territorial
cats.

What do caracals look like?
The length is 65 cm (about 3 ft), plus 30 cm tail (about 1 foot). It has longer legs
and a slimmer appearance than a lynx. The color of the fur may be wine-red,
gray or sand-colored. Young caracals bear reddish spots on the underside, while
adults do not have markings except for black spots above the eyes. The caracal
has long, tufted black ears, which also explain the origin of its name--"karakulak",
Turkish for "black ear".

What do caracals eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
A caracal may survive without drinking for a long
period - the water demand is satisfied the body fluids
of the prey. It hunts at night (but in colder seasons
also in the daytime) for rodents and hares; rarely it
may even attack a gazelle, a small antelope or a
young ostrich.
They are picky eaters, and discard the internal
organs of the mammals they catch, partially pluck the
fur off of hyraxes and larger kills, and avoid eating hair by shearing neatly from
the skin. But they will eat the feathers of small birds and are tolerant of rotten .
Caracal ears are controlled by 20 different muscles. Tufts of fur on their ears
help them pinpoint their prey accurately.
A quiet moment

They are most well-known, however, for their skill hunting birds; a caracal is able
to snatch a bird in flight, sometimes more than one at a time. Caracals can jump
and climb exceptionally well, which enables it to catch hyraxes better than
Page 22

probably any other carnivore.

How do caracals raise their young?
Caracals are born in litters of 1-4 kittens, 2 on
average. They stop drinking their mothers milk at ten
weeks old, and stay her for up to one year before
leaving.

Fun facts
A caracal kitten
•
•
•

The caracal is the fastest cat in its size range.
Sometimes called a desert lynx or African lynx because of its tufted ears,
it is not a lynx at all.
Tame caracals are sometimes used to assist hunters in Iran and India.

Classification
Caracals belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific name is
Caracal caracal.

For more information
•

Wikipedia: Caracal

Page 23

Serval
The serval is a little-known but fascinating creature, a
lightweight cat living in tall grass where the lions hunt
gazelles and buffalo. It does not attempt to compete
the mighty "king of beasts", content to tackle smaller
prey. Gliding along on stilt-like limbs, a long neck
and large ears, the serval looks like no other cat, and
for a reason... From the tall grass a startled flock of
A Serval
birds takes flight only to be chased in the air. a
spring of its powerful limbs, a serval shoots straight
up, battering one of the birds back to earth its long front limbs.

Where do servals live?
Servals live in the savannahs (grasslands) of Africa.
This allows them to see both their prey and their
predators. As a medium sized cat they have to be
wary of lions and hyenas. Servals are good
swimmers and often live near open water where they
can take an occasional dip to hunt for fish or swipe at
the birds that stop by.

Places where servals live are
colored green.

Page 24

What do servals look like?
The serval's lanky body gives them the most
advantage for their bulk in coping the tall grass
where they roam. It gives them the appearance of
being larger than they really are. In fact, the smaller
female ranges from less than twenty pounds up to
about thirty-five pounds. Males generally weigh thirty
to fifty pounds. Their large ears give them an
advantage in hearing their prey before it hears them.
The serval is built for tall grass
Their fur is yellow black spots. On the back of the
ears are horizontal gray bars. Servals use the
position of their ears to communicate each other. They also hiss a great deal,
but this sound can have friendly meanings too. People often think a captive
raised serval is being aggressive that is only trying to say hello.

What do servals eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Servals usually eat birds, fish and small rodents. When hunting a bird, the serval
will jump up in the air and bat the bird its front paws. This stuns the bird and
makes it fall to the ground. When hunting rodents, the serval uses its large ears
to listen for them under the ground. It then jumps straight up into the air six or
higher, and comes straight down on its prey. Like most cats, a serval will take
advantage of other opportunities that come along, taking on anything it feels it
can safely subdue. However a serval never poses a threat to humans.

How do servals raise their young?
There are usually two or three young servals, called
kittens, in a litter. They are born in areas of long
grass, but are moved around often, because many
animals eat servals. They learn to hunt from watching
their mother. She will chase males away as soon as
they can hunt, at about 8 to 10 months of age, but will
let females stay her for a little longer, up to a year.
Five week old serval kitten

Page 25

Fun facts
•
•
•

Servals can jump up to 10 straight up to catch birds.
Their hearing is so acute they can hear burrowing rodents underground
and dig them up.
A cross between a male serval and a female domestic cat is called a
savannah cat.

Classification
Servals belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific name is
Leptailurus serval.

For more information
•
•

Wikipedia: Serval
http://www.totallywild.net/animals.php?animal=Serval

Page 26

Jaguar
The jaguar is sometimes called El Tigre (the tiger) by
South and Central Americans. Long ago, they called
it Yaguara, the cat that kills a single spring. Both
names convey the awe and reverence this largest
New World cat inspires. His gold coat spangled black
rosettes was said to be the stars of night. In the
Mayan religion, the sun took the form of a jaguar
A spotted jaguar
when travelling through the underworld at night.
Jaguars are closely related to lions, tigers, and
leopards.

Where do jaguars live?
Jaguars live in the rain forests and more open
countryside in South and Central America, and are
the largest members of the cat family there. Jaguars
are strong swimmers and climbers, and they often
prefer to live by rivers, in swamps, and in dense
forest thick cover for stalking prey.
Jaguars once lived as far north as the southwestern
United States. The last wild jaguar in the United
States around 1960, however some of these cats are
once again migrating north from Mexico.
Places where jaguars live are
colored green.

What do jaguars look like?
Jaguars look very similar to leopards, but they
behave more like tigers. The jaguar has the strongest
jaw structure in the cat family. Its powerful cheek
muscles and lower jaw gives the Jaguar a much more
rounded face than the leopard. The purpose of all this
strength is to allow these cats to kill thick shelled
turtles and to crush the skull of prey animals rather
A black jaguar clearly showing
than suffocating them a neck like most cats. They
its darker spots
are also rather short-legged compared to other cats,
designed for strength rather than speed.
Jaguars are usually orange-yellow in color, and have numerous rings on their
flanks and spots on their heads and necks. Jaguars and leopards can be
Page 27

distinguished by the fact that jaguars have spots within their ring markings, while
leopards do not. Also jaguars are native to the New World while leopards are
native to the Old World. Some scientific evidence suggests these two cats are
very closely related.
There are some jaguars that seem to be entirely black in color, but the spots can
still be seen if you look closely. These are sometimes called black panthers, but
they are really jaguars.

What do jaguars eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Jaguars mostly take large prey, which they mainly hunt on the ground at night.
Their very strong jaws let them hunt deer and peccaries, but they are great
opportunists and will eat anything from frogs and mice to birds, fish, and
domestic livestock. They can even crunch through a turtle's shell quickly.
Jaguars can run quickly, but do not have much endurance and rarely make long
chases.

How do jaguars raise their young?
Jaguars usually live and hunt alone, but they do meet
up during the breeding season.
Female jaguars give birth to as many as four cubs in
each litter, but usually can raise no more than two of
them to adulthood. The young cubs are born blind
and can see after two weeks. They remain their
mother for a long time, up to two years, before
leaving to establish a territory for themselves.

A jaguar cub some attention
from mom

Fun facts
•

•

Jaguars will sometimes by the water, hitting it occasionally their tail.
When fish are attracted by this, they swipe out a paw, spearing the fish in
their claws.
One filmmaker doing a sound level check heard an odd sound coming
through his headset. Looking around he saw a large male jaguar sniffing
the microphone.

Classification
Jaguars belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific name is
Panthera onca.
Page 28

For more information
•
•

Wikipedia: Jaguar
Jaguar pictures and short video:
http://www.belizezoo.org/zoo/zoo/mammals/jag/jag1.html

Page 29

Ocelot
The ocelot is a beautiful small-to-medium sized cat
whose markings resemble the much-larger jaguar.
That beauty once brought them close to extinction,
though they have fared better in recent years legal
protection.

Where do ocelots live?

Places where ocelots live are
colored green

Ocelots mostly live in South and Central America, but
there are some as far North as Texas in the United
States of America. There are are eleven different
types (or subspecies) of ocelot. These live in different
parts of the south of the Americas. Three of these
eleven subspecies live in Mexico, some of one of
those in Texas, and a different subspecies lives in
each of the Amazon Rainforest, the Northern Andes,
Venezuela and Guyana, all of Central America,
Argentina and Paraguay, Colombia, Ecuador and
Bolivia.

Ocelots are excellent climbers, but they do most of their hunting on the ground.
Ocelots mostly come out at night. During the day they sleep in trees, bushes and
thick grasses. Some ocelots live alone, while others have been reported to live in
pairs, maintaining contact by mewing to each other. Many ocelots in captivity
become highly social certain people.

What do ocelots look like?
Ocelots grow up to 3 and 2 inches (100 cm) in length, plus a foot and a half (45
cm) tail length. It is similar in appearance to the oncilla and the margay, who
inhabit the same region, but the ocelot is larger. Their fur is gold black spots.
They are very thin, have huge teeth, and can jump far.

What do ocelots eat, and how do they catch their
prey?
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and
birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller
than it is. Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by
smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground. They can see very well in
the dark, and move very stealthily, too.
Page 30

How do ocelots raise their young?
Ocelots typically have two offspring in a litter, safely
in a rocky den or hollow log. In the tropics there is no
set breeding season, but further north young are
usually born in the autumn months. While little is
known about ocelot social structure, observers
indicate that ocelot kittens stay the mother for about
one year, and that they may remain in their mother's
territory for up to an additional year before going out
entirely on their own

Ocelot kitten

Fun facts
•
•

•
•

Ocelot comes from the Aztec word tlalocelot which means "field tiger."
Ocelots have only 36 pairs of chromosomes while most other cats have
38. Their close relatives the margay and oncilla are the others to share
this distinction.
Ocelots often sit perfectly still for a half hour or more waiting for
unsuspecting prey.
Some observers believe that ocelots remain faithful to their chosen mates.

For more information
•
•

Wikipedia: Ocelot
http://www.totallywild.net/animals.php?animal=Ocelot

How to catch an ocelot?
Scientists at a wildlife refuge in southern Texas were having a
hard time finding the few ocelots that lived in the area. They tried
using all kinds of animal smells but the ocelots would never show
up. So it was very lucky for the scientists when an amazing
accidental discovery took place. A worker at the refuge wore the
scent of Obsession, a men's cologne (think of it as a perfume for
men). One day an excited ocelot tried to rub against the worker to
better catch the scent. The scientists then knew that ocelots love
Obsession! They are now trying to use the cologne to help in their project to
raise the number of ocelots.

Page 31

Leopard
The leopard is the champion athlete of the cat world.
Most big cats can pull five times as much force as
the same weight of human athletes. The leopard can
pull seven times as hard. It would take three olympic
class weightlifters merely to achieve a draw at tug of
war one 100 pound leopard. This amazing strength is
demonstrated when a successful hunter scrambles
up the side of a tree a full grown antelope in its jaws
Leopard relaxing in a tree
to eat in peace.

Where do leopards live?
Leopards live in the Middle , parts of Asia, and
Africa. This means they live in more places than
any other big cat. Leopards spend a lot of time in
trees, often sleeping draped over a branch. They
will even pull entire prey animals up into the
branches where they can eat without other
predators trying to steal their food.

What do leopards look like?
Leopards are usually 6.5 to 10 (2-3 m) long,
including 23-43 inches (58-110cm) of tail, and weigh
about the same as a human, 65-155 pounds (30-70
kg). They stand 17.5–30.5 inches (43-78 cm) tall.
Female leopards are usually only two-thirds the size
of male leopards.
A leopard's coat is short and sleek. Depending on
Black African leopard cubs
where it lives, a leopard's coat can be a pale straw
color, grey, ochre, or black. Because the fur in a
leopard's spots is thicker and more coarse, they can be as well as seen. All
leopards have black spots, even solid black leopards. Under bright light, black
leopards' spots appear darker than the surrounding purplish black fur.

What do they eat?
Leopards eat many different animals - insects, mice, fish and big animals like
antelope and even dogs. Occasionally, they will even eat carrion (dead animals).
They hunt (search for their food) at night, hiding their catch in trees. They creep
up on animals and attack them by biting the neck.
Page 32

Panther or black leopard?
Black leopards are sometimes called panthers, and they were once thought to
be a separate species. Though they are all black, they still have black spots that
are slightly darker and show up in bright light, whereas the background looks a
lighter, purplish black.

How do leopards raise their young?
Leopards are born in litter of 1 – 3 cubs. The cubs
leave home after 13 – 18 months, and siblings (cubs
born together) may remain together for a few months
before separating.

Fun facts
•

•
•

Leopards are spotted through and through. If
A young leopard practicing to
you dared to shave one, you would find their
pounce on a target
skin to be spotted.
Shaving a leopard to see its spotted skin is
very dangerous.
Leopards are the most tempermental cats to handle in captivity. While
they can be affectionate, they cause an unusually large number of animalrelated injuries.

Classification
Leopards belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific name is
Panthera pardus.

For more information
•
•
•
•

Wikipedia: Leopard
The Cyber Zoomobile
http://home.globalcrossing.net/~brendel/leopard.htm
Big Cats Online http://dspace.dial.pipex.com/agarman/bco/fact2.htm
Leopards at the San Diego Zoo
http://www.sandiegozoo.org/animalbytes/t-leopard.html

Page 33

Snow Leopard
Snow Leopards dare to live where icy gales would
freeze a man's blood in minutes. Their bodies are
adapted to survive and thrive in an icy wilderness of
breathtaking beauty and great danger. Until recently
no one had photographed a snow leopard in the wild.
To this day very few have had the privilege of seeing
one, much less taking its picture. The snow leopards
A snow leopard's coat protects it
like it that way--they are painted the grays and blacks from the cold
of a rocky outcrop and when they want to disappear
they just stay still.

Where do snow leopards live?
They live in the high mountains of China and Central
Asia, such as the Himalayas. Snow leopards typically
have a range of 100 square miles (260 square km),
since it is hard for them to find prey.

Places colored green are where
snow leopards live

What do snow leopards look like?
Snow leopards have gray-and- fur rosettes on the
flanks and spots on the head and neck, like jaguars.
This color resembles the rocks and snow of their
environment and helps them stalk their prey. Their
tails are unusually long, thickly furred, and striped.
Their paws are covered in fur to keep them warm and
to act like snowshoes. During blizzards, they wrap
leopards are masters of
their tails around their face like a muff to keep warm. Snow
vertical space
Their eyes are round in shape, ranging from pale
yellow to green-grey in colour. Male snow leopards
weigh between 90-115 pounds (40-52 kg), and females weigh between 75-90
pounds (34-40 kg).

Page 34

What do snow leopards eat, and how do they
catch their prey?
Snow leopards eat almost anything they can catch,
often eating animals three times their size. Their main
sources of food include wild sheep and goats, pikas,
hares, and game birds. In the summer, they eat
mostly smaller prey such as marmots. Other prey
include wild boars, gazelles, markhor, bobak, tahr,
ibex, bharal, mice, and deer. They stalk their prey and
usually attack when they 20 to 50 (6-15 m) away.

Note the intense gaze

The snow leopard's broad paws act as snow shoes to
give them traction as they chase their prey. They are
at their when they can run across the hard upper
crust of firn (icy, hard snow) while their hooved prey
breaks through and is mired in the soft underlayer of
loose snow.

How do snow leopards raise their young?
Snow leopards give birth to two or three cubs in a
litter, but there can be as many as seven. At two
months old, they begin to eat solid food. At three
months old, they follow their mother on hunts. They
stay her for their first winter before leaving, at around
18-22 months of age. After they leave, siblings may
stay together for awhile.
Snow leopard cub

Fun facts
•
•
•

The snow leopard has the longest tail of any cat.
Snow leopards will attack prey weighing four times as much as
themselves.
The large, thickly furred paws of the snow leopard act as built-in
snowshoes.

Classification
Snow leopards belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific
name is Uncia uncia. Some older works list snow leopards as Panthera uncia but
that name is no longer used.
Page 35

For more information
•

Wikipedia: Snow Leopard

Page 36

Clouded leopard
Clouded leopards are not truly leopards at all, but
like the African leopards they spend a lot deal of time
in trees. They are also known, because of their large
markings, as mint leopards.

Where do clouded leopards live?
A clouded leopard is at home in

Clouded leopards live
trees
throughout southern
China, the eastern Himalayan mountains, southAsia, and Indonesia. They prefer to live in tropical or
subtropical forests, yet they are can also be found
living in mangrove swamps and grasslands.

Areas where the clouded
leopards live are colored green

What do clouded leopards look
like?

The clouded leopard has short legs for its size, and
the longest canine teeth for a cat its size (2 inch
fangs) of any member of the cat family alive today. Only the sabretooths had
longer canine teeth for their body size.
Because their major prey animals live in trees, clouded leopards are excellent
climbers. Short, flexible legs, large paws, and keen claws combine to make them
very sure-footed. Clouded leopards can have tails as long as their bodies,
helping them balance. Surprisingly, the cats can hang upside-down under
branches, and can even climb down tree trunks head-first.
The beautiful pattern of the clouded leopard is its most interesting feature. The
large square rosettes look like clouds to some people, and that is how they got
the name "clouded leopard." Other people think the blotches look more like mint
leaves, so they are also called "mint leopards."

What do they clouded leopards eat, and how do
they catch their prey?
While not much is known about their behavior in the wild, their prey is thought to
be mostly mammals that live in trees, particularly monkeys, along small
mammals, deer, birds, porcupines, and domestic livestock.

Page 37

How do clouded leopards raise their young?
Clouded leopards usually have litters of between one
and five cubs. The young are blind and helpless at
first, then begin to see within ten days of their birth,
and are ready to leave their mother by about ten
months of age. Clouded leopards are fully grown at
two years old.

Fun facts

A clouded leopard cub

See how much you know about the clouded leopard:
•
•
•

They can climb down tree trunks head first.
Like ocelots and margays, they will sometimes hang head-down from
branches using their hind legs.
Young clouded leopards are born solid spots that become open squares
as they get older.

Classification
Clouded leopards are in the Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and have the
scientific name Neofelis nebulosa.

For more information
•

Wikipedia: Clouded leopard

Page 38

Marbled cat
The marbled cat is the big cat that isn't big at all, only
slightly larger than a domestic cat. Scientists place it
in the same closely related group as the lion, tiger
and leopard, the Subfamily Pantherinae, and even
though it's much smaller than the clouded leopard it
has the same long fangs and a very similar fur
pattern. Scientific examination of their blood (blood
A marbled cat
serum analysis) suggests that they are similar in form
to the forest ancestors of the big cats some ten million years ago. However, they
may have also decreased in size more recently due to competition other big
cats.

Where do marbled cats live?
The marbled cat may be found in the forests of the
Maylay peninsula, Sumatra, Borneo and some
neighboring small islands.

What do marbled cats look like?
Marbled cats look similar to clouded leopards but
they are smaller, have shorter faces more like a
domestic cat, and have a fuzzier tail. Its beautiful,
striking coat is pale brown, irregular slightly darker brown blotches sharply
outlined in dark brown or black. Its long cylindrical tail is full from rump to tip and
carries its body pattern.
Places where marbled cats live
are colored green.

What do marbled cats eat, and how do they catch
their prey?
Marbled cats spend a great deal of time in the trees and it is likely that they catch
much of their prey there, hunting birds, squirrels, rodents, frogs and reptiles.
They have been seen hunting on the ground on the island of Borneo, and this
may be a local habit. Not much is known about their habits because they are rare
in the wild and there are no specimens currently in zoos.

How do marbled cats raise their young?
One female that was in captivity had four kittens. Most litters seem to be only
two kittens, during any season of the year. As most cats, the father plays little, if
Page 39

any role in raising the young. They are born a mottled pattern and only begin to
resemble their mother as they mature. They probably become independent at
around eight months of age, and they are fully mature at 21 months of age. The
longest that marbled cats ever lived in captivity was 12 years.

Fun facts
•

Marbled cats make sounds similar to a domestic cat, but they purr rarely
and their meow is somewhat like a twittering bird call.

Classification
Marbled cats belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and their scientific
name is Pardofelis marmorata.

For more information
•

Wikipedia: Marbled cat

Page 40

Tigons and Ligers
Ligers and tigons are hybrids, the offspring of the
pairing of a lion and a tiger. Ligers have lion fathers
and tiger mothers. They usually grow much larger
than their parents, and female ligers (sometimes
called ligresses) can sometimes have babies. Tigons
all have tiger fathers and lion mothers. They are
usually smaller than their parents.

Why there are no wild tigons or
ligers

Bertram the Liger has a lion for
a father and a tigress for a
mother.

Breeding offspring of a lion and tiger requires human intervention, since the two
species do not live near each other in the wild. In the past, some zoos
experimented breeding lions and tigers one another. Due to conservation
efforts, deliberate hybridization is prohibited in most zoos. However, it happens
regularly by accident, and some private breeders try to breed ligers for novelty
purposes.

What do tigons and ligers look like?
Ligers are the largest of the Big Cats. They can weigh up to about 1500 pounds
(680kg), and stand up to 13 (4 m) tall on their hind legs. Tigons are sometimes
called dwarfs, tions and tilons; while they do not exhibit many signs of dwarfism,
fully grown tigons of both sexes usually weigh less than 350 pounds (160 kg),
which is small for male lions or tigers.
Both hybrids have a combination of lion and tiger physical characteristics.
However, the Ligers look more like their lion fathers a hint of light striping on
their backs and faces. Tigons have more defined striping like their tiger fathers.
Like tigers, each striping pattern is unique to each individual animal.

How do they raise their young?
Ligers were originally assumed to be sterile, which is true for most hybrid
species, such as the mule, a cross between a horse and a donkey. However,
females can be fertile. There are such things as li-ligers and li-tigons along tiligers and ti-tigons — these are mixes of ligers and tigons lions and tigers.
Lions are very social animals while tigers tend to be solitary. The offspring of a
lion-tiger share the conflicting instincts of both parents. Sometimes they seek out
interaction other big cats, but other times they will attack them. So, they can be
Page 41

a danger if they are raised other big cats. In general, however, ligers are gentle,
even-tempered and tolerant.

Fun facts
Both ligers and tigons communicate either lion roars or tiger whuffs, and when
they interact full blooded tigers or lions they change their "dialect" accordingly.

Classification
Ligers and tigons belong to Order Carnivora, Family Felidae, and as hybrids their
scientific name a combination of both species: Panthera leo x Panthera tigris.

For more information
•
•

Wikipedia: Tigon
Wikipedia: Liger

Page 42

In danger of extinction
Extinction is Forever
Some big cats throughout history have become
extinct because they were replaced newer species
better suited to the environment. The Sabretooth
(Smilodon fatalis) is one example of a large Ice-Age
predator that out because the large prey it needed
retreated the glaciers. Pumas and jaguars now roam
where the mighty -toothed cats once ruled. Natural
extinction is part of the grand drama of life on earth.
The only known photo of an
However, many more cat species are in danger of
extinct Bali tiger
dying out due to unnatural extinction, the killing of an
entire species by man for reasons having nothing to do fitness for survival.
These species are not replaced better ones, their merely leaves a hole in the
fabric of life on earth.

Predation
Many big cats have been killed because they either compete humans for the
same prey animals or because they occasionally attack human-raised livestock.
Some big cats that become too weak to hunt their own natural prey find domestic
livestock much simpler to acquire. Other big cats develop a taste for livestock out
of sheer opportunity. There are times when control of individual predators,
through moving or killing, appear to be justified. However there is a much more
dangerous approach to predator control where an entire population or even an
entire species is classified as a "" and open to extermination. Extermination is an
attempt to kill every last individual of a population or species. There were times
when pumas were targeted for extermination in large areas of the American .
Bobcats and jaguars have also been targets of extermination campaigns. These
days most governments in the world agree that extermination is not a viable form
of human intervention, but sometimes local peoples ignore laws designed to
protect species from extermination.

Sport Hunting
The majority of people in western countries no longer give big game hunters the
same reverence they once held in the writings of Ernest Hemmingway, especially
when they kill animals that are the hunters rather than the hunted. The mystique
of the "Great Hunter" no longer leads the majority of outdoorsmen to seek
trophies for their mantles and entrance halls. However a number of people still
consider locating, outwitting and defeating large predators to be the ultimate test
Page 43

of courage and a satisfying form of enjoying the out of doors. While this practice
is losing popularity, it should be said in all fairness that more and more sport
hunters support laws and practices that prevent the species they hunt from
becoming extinct.

Poaching
People who defy existing laws to kill predators for money, animal parts, or
personal reasons are called poachers. As outlaws, many poachers are
dangerous people who are willing to protect their livlihood through violent means.
Famous conservation leaders George Adamson and Diane Fossey were killed
by poachers who saw them as a threat. Stopping poaching is very difficult
because most big cat habitat is remote land that is difficult to patrol and exists in
some of the world's poorest countries without many law enforcement resources.
The most effective way to curb poaching is to reduce the demand for the
products they provide.

Folk Medicines
A number of people believe, without any scientific evidence, that folk medicines
made from parts of big cats can treat or even cure certain illnesses and
conditions. Belief in sympathetic magic, that like-causes-like, leads people to
seek the attributes they most admire about big cats by using parts of their
bodies. People seeking courage, strength, or a greater capacity for physical
intimacy attempt to acquire those things through eating, drinking, applying or
wearing parts of the animals that are supposed to possess those traits. For
nearly everything supposedly treatable feline folk medicines, there are effective,
safe and proven remedies available in modern medicine.

The Fur Trade
The soft, warm, boldly patterened pelts (skins fur) of big cats were long
considered the ultimate expression of fashion and extravagence. Even today,
most fashion items made real fur come from carnivores such as bobcats and
mink. Those legal for sale are produced from animals raised on fur farms rather
than taken from the wild. The vast majority of natural leopard, ocelot, lynx and
jaguar furs are banned on the international market by laws protecting
endangered species.

Page 44

Habitat Loss
Habitat loss is the silent killer. An animal's habitat is
an area where it can live, and for most large
predators that means cover, adequate prey, freedom
of movement, and water. Due to their predatory
lifestyle, most big cats require large areas of land
without many manmade barriers where they can hunt
and raise young unmolested. Uncontrolled
Habitat loss is the silent killer
development of wild areas, including such wasteful
practices as slash-and-burn agriculture, reduce the
number of places where big cats can survive and thrive. To some degree
protected areas known as Parks and Wildlife Sanctuaries help preserve
endangered species habitat. However in many poor countries there is not
adequate law enforcement to prevent poaching or illegal development of land
inside park boundaries. In addition, animals need more land than the human
race can afford to protect in parks. More enlightened use of habitat by man can
increase the number of big cats and preserve their genetic diversity. For
instance, a timber plantation can provide both high quality wood and habitat for
predators and their prey. Using sustainable management techniques, land can
provide a never-ending source of quality wood products while continuing to
preserve wildlife.

It Is Up To You
As someone interested in big cats, you can make your love of big cats known
through the way you vote, your lifestyle, and your charitable giving. Governments
can only do so much to forestall extinction. For big cats to be saved, they must
be saved by all of us working together. Learn what you can about the challenges
facing your favorite animals, and get involved. Always remember: "We
appreciate what we understand and save what we appreciate."

Page 45

Keeping cats
Captive management of big cats is part of a
strategy to keep endangered species from
becoming extinct. It also provides a source
of education and inspiration to zoo visitors
and helps us study what these cats need to
survive and thrive. What follows is from an
interview John Burkitt of Tiger Touch.

The Four Types of Fitness
Once zoos were terrible places for big cats. Missy Cougar at Tiger Touch likes cameras ...
really.
Their needs were poorly understood, and
therefore poorly met. Today we understand
that there are four types of fitness, all equally important. Physical Fitness is more
than basic life support. Aniamls evolved in a complex environment, and meeting
their whole range of needs makes their life longer and better. Mental Fitness is
as important in captivity as it is in the wild. It promotes natural social behavior
within and between species and reduces neurotic behaviors such as pacing and
self-injury. Emotional Fitness is the cornerstone of a humane, trusting
partnership between man and animal. When we bring life into the world, we owe
it happiness and contentment. Moral Fitness is a clear understanding of rules
and expectations by man and animal that promotes trust, minimizes stress,
reduces accidents, and helps cooperation.

Safety
Ideally, safety is guaranteed for the
animals, their staff, and the visiting public.
The animals are protected as well as
possible against items thrown over the
fence that may injure the cats or be eaten.
When big cats eat the wrong sort of
objects, such as toys or bottle fragments, it
causes potentially deadly blockages of the
intestines. The staff is protected by the use
of "lockouts" and "air locks". "Lockouts" are Missy Cougar also likes love ... really.
areas where big cats can be confined while
someone performs maintenance on their living area. It is the only safe way to
remove wastes, cut grass, remove foreign objects, or repair fixtures. "Air Locks"
are small chambers a door on each end that allow people to enter and a cat
enclosure without having an opening clear to the outside at any one moment.
Page 46

People come in the outer door, close it behind them, then open the inner door to
enter the cat enclosure. At no time can a cat push past the keeper and escape.
Guard rails around certain exhibits keep visitors at least five (1.8 meters) away
from the animal's outer fence at all times. This prevents people from being
tempted to touch animals through the mesh or bars and get injured. Such injuries
are more often fatal to the cat than to the visitor since most states require the
animal to be killed and tested for rabies if the victim refuses to take
precautionary rabies vaccination shots. Zoo visitors that follow the rules are
completely safe. One less obvious safety feature of zoos and animal parks are
the off-hours security systems that protect the animals against nighttime
intruders. Motion sensors, infrared cameras, and perimeter fences prevent
people from disturbing the animals after hours. Finally, the animals are usually
confined to smaller areas during off hours, and only released into their large
enclosures shortly before opening time.

Species Survival Plans
One function of zoos is to provide safe places where endangered animals can
breed. To be effective in producing healthy cats that are genetically diverse (born
to unrelated parents), zoos will often ship animals long distances to find mates
that would make a good match. If you let closely related cats have offspring
together, their young would be considered inbred, which means they don't have
a healthy mix of different backgrounds in their physical makeup. Inbred animals
are prone to be sick or even die. Computer technology helps zoos be sure which
animals would make the mates for each other and avoid inbreeding.
Animals used in a Species Survival Plan are sometimes taken out of the public
viewing areas for a private, less stressful area to breed and care for their
offspring in the first critical weeks. Usually you can tell if animals on display in a
zoo are involved in an SSP because there will be a sign posted on their
enclosure.
One of the most important differences in zoos today from zoos long ago is that
they are more than just living museums. They are also valuable partners in the
battle to save endangered species.

Page 47

Food Preparation
Food has to be wholesome and free from
disease and parasites. It may be , a
prepared such as ZuPreem or Mazuri, or a
combination of both. Food is served raw to
prevent nutrient loss from cooking.
Additives make up for the loss of calcium
and micronutrients available in regular prey.
Finally as part of good animal husbandry,
Detonator the Tiger "Tucks In" when it's
food is individually prepared for each
dinner time at Tiger Touch.
animal based on weight control and
medication needs.

Veterinary Care
Like all other animals in captivity, zoo animals require occasional trips to the vet.
The veterinarians that handle zoo animals are specially trained in exotic
medicine, the diseases and conditions of animals not usually as . Veterinary
care usually is done at the zoo in a special health care building that has the
special equipment needed to fill cavities in a tiger's teeth or perform surgery on a
lion.

The Nursery
When, for one reason or another, the parents of young big cats cannot raise
their own offspring, the cubs and kittens are to a nursery where specially trained
zoo staff and volunteers provide them the food, stimulation, and affection.
Young cats of all species cannot properly pass solid wastes on their own. A
warm, wet washrag or sponge is used to wipe the backside of kittens and cubs to
stimulate them to pass wastes, something they usually do in the wild when their
mother cleans them her tongue. Proper nursing is especially important: cubs
and kittens are never given milk while they are lying on their back. This can
cause pneumonia. The milk given to cats is different than the milk given to
human children in a number of ways. Zoo personnel know the right way to mix
milk for the different species of large and small cats in their care. Temperature is
carefully controlled since these young animals are not as good at controlling their
body temperature as are adults.

Page 48

Enrichment
Keeping animals happy as well as healthy
is a challenge. The way is a combination of
several things: physical interaction others
of its own kind or specially-trained human
companions, desirable features in the
enclosure such as swimming pools and
ledges for perching and sleeping, and toys
to play . Sometimes food is hidden about or Nala the Lioness at Tiger Touch loves to play
put on ropes where it can be jerked away to anything not nailed down.
stimulate chase, hunt, and play behaviors
and reduce boredom. Many zoo animals are fond of visitors and develop
routines to impress the people that come to see them. Large, natural enclosures
give the animals more freedom of movement and encourage physical activity.

Training
While most modern zoos do not teach animals to perform "tricks", they do train
animals to respond to certain commands to make them safer to handle, move
and examine. This training emphasizes rewards for good behavior rather than
punishment for bad behavior. Using the reward system not only makes training
easier and more humane, it avoids the ever-present danger that an angry cat
may find a chance to lash out at its tormentor. That only needs to happen once
briefly for tragedy to occur.

End of Life Issues
Although it is unpleasant to think about, is a part of life. When a decision is
made by the zoo staff that a certain cat is in too much pain to have a good life,
the life of that cat is humanely ended. The phrase put to sleep or put down is not
accurate and does not confer the dignity that usually accompanies the act.
Zookeepers almost always experience grief when one of their long-term friends .
Whenever possible, someone the cat loves is allowed to be them as the drug is
administered. This special drug is designed to calm the cat and lull it to sleep
before occurs. After has been certified by the veterinarian, a necropsy (animal
autopsy) is performed to determine the exact cause of the animal's illness or
injury. This information is used to help protect other animals. Many zoos, and
most sanctuaries and animal parks, have special plots where beloved animals
are laid to . These are rarely open to the public. Animals that are not buried are
usually cremated (burned) for health reasons or used to provide skeletons and
skins for educational use at the zoo or in museums and universities.

Page 49

Glossary
A glossary of terms used in this book:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

Canine teeth:
Captivity: Animals that are by humans
Carnivore: An animal that
Carrion: eaten by carnivores that were not the ones that killed it
Classification:
Conservation: Ways of using natural resources that do not destroy them
Diurnal: Active during the day and asleep at night.
Domestication: Taking animals from their natural habitat into the human
habitat, then changing them in ways that make them more suitable to
living humans.
Endangered: Animals that are almost extinct.
Extinction: When all animals of a kind are gone, that kind of animal is
extinct. They can never come back.
Family: (as in the classification division)
Fertile: Able to have offspring
Flanks: The side part of an animal's body
Habitat: An area able to support a type of animal
Herbivore: An animal that plants such as leaves and berries
Hybrid: The offspring of two animals of different but similar kinds, such as
a lion and a tiger.
Hybridization: When two animals of different kinds have offspring
together.
Instinct: An animal's inherited knowledge; knowledge that did not have to
be learned.
Jungle: A large forest in warm countries many different kinds of animals
and plants.
Life span: How long an animal usually lives
Litter: A group of baby animals the same parents
Mammal: A warm-blooded animal that has hair on its skin and gives its
children milk to drink
Mane: The furry crown around a male Lion's head
Muzzle: The part of an animal's face that includes the nose and jaws
National Park: Land that is in a natural state by for a variety of reasons,
all of them important
Nature preserve: Land that is in a natural state for conservation reasons
where the welfare of plants and animals is more important than any other
uses
New World: North, Central and South America.
Nocturnal: Active at night and asleep during the day.
Offspring: The children of an animal
Page 50

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Old World: Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa.
Order:
Poaching: Illegally killing an animal
Prairie: A large, flat plain a lot of grass and almost no trees, such as the
Great Plains of North America
Predator: An animal that hunts other animals and them
Prey: An animal hunted by another animal for food
Rainforest: A large forest that stays warm and wet year round many
different kinds of animals and plants
Rosette:
Retract (claw): The hiding of claws inside a paw
Savannah: A large, flat plain a lot of grass and scattered groups of trees,
such as in Central Africa
Scavenge:
Scientific name:
Siblings: All the offspring from one litter, or sometimes offspring the
same parents from two different litters
Steppes: A large, flat plain a lot of grass and almost no trees.
Sterile: Not able to have children
Subtropical:
Tropical:
Wildlife refuge: Land that is used to protect of wild animals. Sometimes
parts of a wildlife refuge are not in a natural state to give certain species
of animals a little extra help. Planting rice in a water bird area is one
example.
Zoo: A type of living museum where animals are for people to learn about
them and have fun

Page 51

GNU Free Documentation License
Version 1.2, November 2002
Copyright (C) 2000,2001,2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

0. PREAMBLE
The purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or other functional
and useful document "free" in the sense of freedom: to assure everyone the
effective freedom to copy and redistribute it, or without modifying it, either
commercially or noncommercially. Secondarily, this License preserves for the
author and publisher a way to get for their work, while not being considered
responsible for modifications made by others.
This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative works of the
document must themselves be free in the same sense. It complements the GNU
General Public License, which is a copyleft license designed for free software.
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free software,
because free software needs free documentation: a free program should come
manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does. But this License is
not limited to software manuals; it can be used for any textual work, regardless of
subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book. We recommend this
License principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.
1. APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS
This License applies to any manual or other work, in any medium, that contains
a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed under the
terms of this License. Such a notice grants a world-wide, royalty-free license,
unlimited in duration, to use that work under the conditions stated herein. The
"Document", below, refers to any such manual or work. Any member of the
public is a licensee, and is addressed as "you". You accept the license if you
copy, modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission under copyright
law.
A "Modified Version" of the Document means any work containing the Document
or a portion of it, either copied verbatim, or modifications and/or translated into
another language.
A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or a front-matter section of the
Document that deals exclusively the relationship of the publishers or authors of
the Document to the Document's overall subject (or to related matters) and
contains nothing that could fall directly within that overall subject. (Thus, if the
Document is in part a textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may not
Page 52

explain any mathematics.) The relationship could be a matter of historical
connection the subject or related matters, or of legal, commercial,
philosophical, ethical or political position regarding them.
The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary Sections whose titles are
designated, as being those of Invariant Sections, in the notice that says that the
Document is released under this License. If a section does not fit the above
definition of Secondary then it is not allowed to be designated as Invariant. The
Document may contain zero Invariant Sections. If the Document does not
identify any Invariant Sections then there are none.
The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of text that are listed, as FrontCover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the notice that says that the Document is
released under this License. A Front-Cover Text may be at most 5 words, and a
Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words.
A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy,
represented in a format whose specification is available to the general public,
that is suitable for revising the document straightforwardly generic text or (for
images composed of pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some
widely available drawing , and that is suitable for input to text formatters or for
automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input to text formatters. A
copy made in an otherwise Transparent file format whose markup, or absence of
markup, has been arranged to thwart or discourage subsequent modification by
readers is not Transparent. An image format is not Transparent if used for any
substantial amount of text. A copy that is not "Transparent" is called "Opaque".
Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain ASCII without
markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML or XML using a publicly
available DTD, and standard-conforming simple HTML, PostScript or PDF
designed for human modification. Examples of transparent image formats
include PNG, XCF and JPG. Opaque formats include proprietary formats that
can be read and edited only by proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for
which the DTD and/or processing tools are not generally available, and the
machine-generated HTML, PostScript or PDF produced by some word
processors for output purposes only.
The "Title Page" means, for a printed book, the title page itself, plus such
following pages as are needed to hold, legibly, the material this License requires
to appear in the title page. For works in formats which do not have any title page
as such, "Title Page" means the text near the most prominent appearance of the
work's title, preceding the beginning of the body of the text.
A section "Entitled XYZ" means a named subunit of the Document whose title
either is precisely XYZ or contains XYZ in parentheses following text that
translates XYZ in another language. (Here XYZ stands for a specific section
name mentioned below, such as "Acknowledgements", "Dedications",
"Endorsements", or "History".) To "Preserve the Title" of such a section when
you modify the Document means that it remains a section "Entitled XYZ"
Page 53

according to this definition.
The Document may include Warranty Disclaimers to the notice which states that
this License applies to the Document. These Warranty Disclaimers are
considered to be included by reference in this License, but only as regards
disclaiming warranties: any other implication that these Warranty Disclaimers
may have is void and has no effect on the meaning of this License.
2. VERBATIM COPYING
You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either commercially
or noncommercially, provided that this License, the copyright notices, and the
license notice saying this License applies to the Document are reproduced in all
copies, and that you add no other conditions whatsoever to those of this License.
You may not use technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further
copying of the copies you make or distribute. However, you may accept
compensation in exchange for copies. If you distribute a large enough number of
copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.
You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above, and you
may publicly display copies.
3. COPYING IN QUANTITY
If you publish printed copies (or copies in that commonly have printed covers) of
the Document, numbering more than 100, and the Document's license notice
requires Cover Texts, you must enclose the copies in covers that carry, clearly
and legibly, all these Cover Texts: Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and
Back-Cover Texts on the back cover. Both covers must also clearly and legibly
identify you as the publisher of these copies. The front cover must present the
full title all words of the title equally prominent and visible. You may add other
material on the covers in addition. Copying changes limited to the covers, as
long as they preserve the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions, can
be treated as verbatim copying in other respects.
If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit legibly, you should
put the first ones listed (as many as fit reasonably) on the actual cover, and
continue the onto adjacent pages.
If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering more than
100, you must either include a machine-readable Transparent copy along each
Opaque copy, or state in or each Opaque copy a computer-network location
from which the general network-using public has access to download using
public-standard network protocols a complete Transparent copy of the
Document, free of added material. If you use the latter option, you must take
reasonably prudent steps, when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in
quantity, to ensure that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the
stated location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an Opaque
copy (directly or through your agents or retailers) of that to the public.

Page 54

It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of the Document
well before redistributing any large number of copies, to give them a chance to
provide you an updated version of the Document.
4. MODIFICATIONS
You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under the
conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release the Modified
Version under precisely this License, the Modified Version filling the role of the
Document, thus licensing distribution and modification of the Modified Version to
whoever possesses a copy of it. In addition, you must do these things in the
Modified Version:
•

•

•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•

A. Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct from that
of the Document, and from those of previous versions (which should, if
there were any, be listed in the History section of the Document). You may
use the same title as a previous version if the original publisher of that
version gives permission.
B. List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities
responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified Version,
together at least five of the principal authors of the Document (all of its
principal authors, if it has fewer than five), unless they release you from
this requirement.
C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the Modified
Version, as the publisher.
D. Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.
E. Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to
the other copyright notices.
F. Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice giving
the public permission to use the Modified Version under the terms of this
License, in the form shown in the Addendum below.
G. Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections and
required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice.
H. Include an unaltered copy of this License.
I. Preserve the section Entitled "History", Preserve its Title, and add to it
an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and publisher of the
Modified Version as given on the Title Page. If there is no section Entitled
"History" in the Document, create one stating the title, year, authors, and
publisher of the Document as given on its Title Page, then add an item
describing the Modified Version as stated in the previous sentence.
J. Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for public
access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise the network
locations given in the Document for previous versions it was based on.
These may be placed in the "History" section. You may a network
location for a work that was published at least four years before the
Document itself, or if the original publisher of the version it refers to gives
permission.
Page 55

•

•

•
•
•

K. For any section Entitled "Acknowledgements" or "Dedications",
Preserve the Title of the section, and preserve in the section all the
substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements and/or
dedications given therein.
L. Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document, unaltered in their
text and in their titles. Section numbers or the equivalent are not
considered part of the section titles.
M. Delete any section Entitled "Endorsements". Such a section may not
be included in the Modified Version.
N. Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled "Endorsements" or to
conflict in title any Invariant Section.
O. Preserve any Warranty Disclaimers.

If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or appendices that
qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material copied from the
Document, you may at your option designate some or all of these sections as
invariant. To do this, add their titles to the list of Invariant Sections in the
Modified Version's license notice. These titles must be distinct from any other
section titles.
You may add a section Entitled "Endorsements", provided it contains nothing but
endorsements of your Modified Version by various parties--for example,
statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization
as the authoritative definition of a standard.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a
passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list of Cover
Texts in the Modified Version. Only one passage of Front-Cover Text and one of
Back-Cover Text may be added by (or through arrangements made by) any one
entity. If the Document already includes a cover text for the same cover,
previously added by you or by arrangement made by the same entity you are
acting on behalf of, you may not add another; but you may replace the old one,
on explicit permission from the previous publisher that added the old one.
The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this License give
permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement
of any Modified Version.
5. COMBINING DOCUMENTS
You may combine the Document other documents released under this License,
under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified versions, provided that
you include in the combination all of the Invariant Sections of all of the original
documents, unmodified, and list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined
work in its license notice, and that you preserve all their Warranty Disclaimers.
The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and multiple
identical Invariant Sections may be replaced a single copy. If there are multiple
Invariant Sections the same name but different contents, make the title of each
Page 56

such section unique by adding at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the
original author or publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number.
Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of Invariant Sections in
the license notice of the combined work.
In the combination, you must combine any sections Entitled "History" in the
various original documents, forming one section Entitled "History"; likewise
combine any sections Entitled "Acknowledgements", and any sections Entitled
"Dedications". You must delete all sections Entitled "Endorsements."
6. COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS
You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other documents
released under this License, and replace the individual copies of this License in
the various documents a single copy that is included in the collection, provided
that you follow the rules of this License for verbatim copying of each of the
documents in all other respects.
You may extract a single document from such a collection, and distribute it
individually under this License, provided you insert a copy of this License into the
extracted document, and follow this License in all other respects regarding
verbatim copying of that document.
7. AGGREGATION INDEPENDENT WORKS
A compilation of the Document or its derivatives other separate and
independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a storage or distribution
medium, is called an "aggregate" if the copyright resulting from the compilation is
not used to limit the legal rights of the compilation's users beyond what the
individual works permit. When the Document is included in an aggregate, this
License does not apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not
themselves derivative works of the Document.
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these copies of the
Document, then if the Document is less than one half of the entire aggregate, the
Document's Cover Texts may be placed on covers that bracket the Document
within the aggregate, or the electronic equivalent of covers if the Document is in
electronic form. Otherwise they must appear on printed covers that bracket the
whole aggregate.
8. TRANSLATION
Translation is considered a kind of modification, so you may distribute
translations of the Document under the terms of section 4. Replacing Invariant
Sections translations requires special permission from their copyright holders,
but you may include translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to
the original versions of these Invariant Sections. You may include a translation of
this License, and all the license notices in the Document, and any Warranty
Disclaimers, provided that you also include the original English version of this
License and the original versions of those notices and disclaimers. In case of a
Page 57

disagreement between the translation and the original version of this License or
a notice or disclaimer, the original version will prevail.
If a section in the Document is Entitled "Acknowledgements", "Dedications", or
"History", the requirement (section 4) to Preserve its Title (section 1) will typically
require changing the actual title.
9. TERMINATION
You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document except as
expressly provided for under this License. Any other attempt to copy, modify,
sublicense or distribute the Document is void, and will automatically terminate
your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or
rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long
as such parties remain in full compliance.
10. FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE
The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions of the GNU
Free Documentation License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar
in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems
or concerns. See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.
Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this License "or any
later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that specified version or of any later version that has been
published (not as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation. If the Document
does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version
ever published (not as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.

How to use this License for your documents
To use this License in a document you have written, include a copy of the
License in the document and put the following copyright and license notices just
after the title page:
Copyright (c) YEAR YOUR NAME.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".

If you have Invariant Sections, Front-Cover Texts and Back-Cover Texts, replace
the "...Texts." line this:
the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, the
Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and the Back-Cover Texts being LIST.

Page 58

If you have Invariant Sections without Cover Texts, or some other combination of
the three, merge those two alternatives to the situation.
If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we recommend
releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of free software license,
such as the GNU General Public License, to permit their use in free software.

Page 59

